Basics
基础

The 2D6 System
2D6 系统

The game uses a rule system where all actions and their results are solved by rolling two six-sided dice (2D6) and comparing the result against a target difficulty. The result of the roll is often modified bybonus or penalty modifiers which are simply added to the roll beforecomparing the final result against the target difficulty.
这个游戏使用了一个叫做 2D6 的规则系统。游戏里所有的行动和造成的结果都通过投掷两个六面骰来决定。在和目标难度级别做比较前，扔出的数字通常还会做一次增益或惩罚修正，该修正就是简单的加在扔出的数字上。

If the final modified result equals or exceeds the target difficulty, the action succeeds. If the result is lower than the target difficulty, the action fails. If the result of both dice are 1's, the action critically fails even if the modified result would otherwise succeed. If the result from both dice are 6's and the action is capable of succeeding critically, the action succeeds even if the modified result would otherwise fail.
如果最终修正值大于等于目标难度级，行动成功。如果低于难度级，行动失败。如果骰子扔出两个 1 ，行动被直接视为致命失败而无视修正值。如果骰子扔出两个 6 ，行动则直接判定为暴击而不需要加上修正值和难度级做对比。

Ability Modifiers
属性修正

Ability modifiers are applied to ability checks when a creature attempts to do something related to that ability. Ability modifiers are also used to modify damage rolls and various other instances andevents that may or may not be directly related to the creature. A positive modifier is called a bonus, and a negative modifier iscalled a penalty.
属性修正在生物依靠属性去做点什么事情的时候起效果。属性修正还用于修正伤害骰以及一些直接或间接针对生物的事件。正的修正被称为增益，负的修正被称为惩罚。

Human ability modifiers range from -5 to +5 on a linear scale where a score of 2 grants -5 modifier, score of 7 grants +0 modifier, and a score of 12 grants +5 modifier. Abilities may exceed 12 and modifiers can go beyond +5, but the combined results after other bonuses and penalties are capped to +5 before they are applied toactions (except when calculating melee or ranged damage where the modifier can exceed 5 in some cases such as aimed shot and crushing blow).
人类的属性修正范围从 -5 到 +5 间线性变化，2 点时修正为 -5 ，7 点时修正为 0 ，12 点时修正为 +5 。属性点可以超过 12 点，此时修正值可以超过 +5 ，但和其它的增益或惩罚合并后，最终的结果会截取到 +5 再作用于行动（有一些例外：在计算近程和远程伤害时，有些情况例如瞄准射击和致命打击，可以超过 5 )。

Other races have different base values and their ability modifiers may range beyond -5 and +5. Orcs, for example, have more strength on average than humans, and their strength modifier can range from -4 and +6. Needless to say, large monsters like ogres for example, will tear your average adventurer to pieces.
其他种族有一些不同的属性基础值，他们的属性修正范围可能超过 -5 到 +5 。比如兽人比人类的平均水平要强壮一些，他们的力量修正范围就是 -4 到 +6 的。更不用说，兽人怪物可以把你一般的冒险角色轻松撕成碎片。

Ability Checks
属性检定

Every action requires an ability check of some sort. Ability checks receive a modifier to the check from one of the abilities. The difficulty of an ability check varies depending on the situation. The default difficulty level for an ability check is 7, which means that the check is succesful if the sum of a 2D6 roll and any applicable modifiers equals or exceeds 7.
每个行动都需要做一种属性检定。属性检定的难度视情况而变化。默认的属性检定难度级别是 7 ，这意味着当 2D6 投出的数字和加上所有修正后结果等于或超过 7 就视为成功。

The Abilities
属性点

Each creature has four abilities that affects its actions. These abilities are Strength, Agility, Stamina and Charisma. 
所有的生物都由四个属性来影响行动。这四个属性分别是力量、敏捷、耐力和魅力。

Strength (STR)
力量

Strength measures a creature's physical power. Strength modifier applies to melee to-hit rolls, melee damage rolls, thrown weapon damage rolls, block modifier, break checks, snare checks, climb checks, and intimidation checks.
力量影响着生物的物理能力。力量修正作用于近战命中骰、近战伤害骰，投掷武器的伤害骰、格档骰、打断检定、陷阱检定，攀爬检定、恐吓鉴定。

Agility (AGI)
敏捷

Agility measures a creature's reflexes and balance. Agility modifier applies to ranged to-hit rolls, ranged damage rolls, thrown weapon to-hit rolls, melee to-hit and damage rolls with certain weapons, dodge modifier, parry modifier, disarm trap checks, pick lock checks, sneak checks, and jump checks.
敏捷影响着生物的反应和平衡。敏捷修正作用于远程命中骰、远程伤害骰、投掷武器的命中骰、特定武器的近战命中及伤害骰、闪避修正、招架修正、解除陷阱检定、开锁检定、潜行检定以及跳跃检定。

Stamina (STA)
耐力

Stamina measures a creature's physical endurance. Stamina modifier applies to spell to-hit rolls with destructive and or offensive spells, mental checks, search checks, health points, energy points, as well as health and energy regeneration checks.
耐力影响着生物的物理耐久性。耐力修正作用于毁灭性或进攻性的法术命中骰、精神检定、搜索检定、HP、精力点、以及 HP 和精力的回复检定。

Charisma (CHA)
魅力

Charisma measures a creature's force of personality. Charisma modifier applies to spell to-hit rolls with restorative and or defensive spells, persuasion checks, merchant prices, and may open special conversation options with NPC's.
魅力影响着生物的人格力量。魅力修正作用于恢复或防御性的法术命中骰、说服检定、商品价格，还有机会开启和 NPC 的特殊交互菜单。

The Rule of Three
差异三规则

Before reaching level 20 a human's lowest and highest ability may not differ by more than three. The last ability point gained at level 20 may be used without this limitation.
在达到 20 级前，人类的最高和最低属性点差异不可以超过 3 。在 20 级时可获得最后一点属性点，该点属性不受此限制。

As always, female characters cheat and their abilities can differ by 4 if the lowest ability is strength and the highest ability is charisma and the other abilities are higher than strength. They can't use the level 20 ability to make the difference to be 5 though.
对于女性角色有所优待，她们的属性点在最低的属性是力量，其它属性点都比力量高，且最高属性点是魅力时，差异可以是 4 。不过最后一点属性点不能把差异扩大到 5 。

Health
血量

Health measures how many points of damage a creature may take before it is killed. A creature's health value equals to its base stamina value plus its base stamina bonus modifier multiplied by a health multiplier plus the difference of stamina bonus modifier and base stamina bonus modifier. The health multiplier is based on the creature's level and it increases by one for every third level starting from the first (1st, 4th, 7th, etc, or, 1, 2, 3, etc, respectively). 
血量决定了生物在被杀死前可以承受多少点伤害。生物的血量 等于它的基础耐力值加上它的基础耐力修正乘以血量 倍率再加上耐力最终修正较基础耐力修正超出的部分。血量倍率基于生物等级，从一级开始每三级加一（1 级、4 级、7级等对应着 1 倍、2 倍、3 倍，依此类推）。

For example, a 4th level creature with a base stamina value of 8 and an enchant that increases stamina by 1, has 11 health (8 plus two times the base stamina bonus modifier of 1, plus 1 from the enchant that raises the stamina modifier to 2). 
例如，一个 4 级生物，基础耐力为 8，有额外的一点耐力强化，就有 11 点的血量（8 加上 2 倍的基础耐力修正 1 ，再加上 1 点强化而来的耐力修正，这 1 点正是最终耐力修正 2 和基础耐力修正 1 的差值）。

There are several ways to regain health, including but not limited to spells, talents, special abilites, and resting. The most affordable way to regain health is to eat and drink until satiated, and rest. In order to regain health by resting, a creature must have one or both of hunger and thirst states as satiated, while the other is either not hungry, or not thirsty, and then rest. The following formula is used to determine whether a creature gains health when resting and the criteria above is met:
有很多方法来回血，方法不限于法术、天赋、特别技能，以及休息。最廉价的回血方法是先吃饱喝足，然后休息。为了在休息中回血，生物先要确保饥渴两状态中至少有一项是满足，而另一项不能是饥饿或干渴。然后每个休息回合用下面的公式来判定该回合是否可以回血：

2D6 + Stamina Modifier >= 12 (or 10 if both satiated)
2D6 + 耐力修正 >= 12 （如果吃饱喝足两项满足则为 10）

Energy
精力

Energy measures how many special actions a creature may take before requiring rest. A creature's energy value equals to its base stamina bonus modifier plus 3. 
精力决定了生物在休息前可以发动多少次特殊行动。生物的精力点为它的基础耐力修正加 3 。

When a creature rests, or moves, there is a chance that it regains energy using the following formula: 
当生物休息或移动时，都会用下列公式检定而获得一次精力回复的机会：

2D6 + Stamina Modifier >= 7 (or 10 when moving)
2D6 + 耐力修正 >=7 （移动时为 10 ）

Resistances
抗性

Resistances offer direct damage reduction against direct damage, but they do not help against effects that have already taken place. For example, if a creature is diseased in some way, the only ways to prevent its effects is to cure the disease, or to become immune to disease effects. 
抗性在承受直接伤害时可获得直接伤害减免，但不能帮助抵抗以受到的效果影响。例如，如果生物被疾病影响，那么只能通过治疗疾病来消除影响或是获得疾病免疫效果。

Resistances only offer protection against the following damage types: Physical, Disease, Poison, Fire, Frost, and Shock. Some damage types, such as magical damage and damage caused by traps, cannot be resisted in any way.
抗性仅针对下列伤害类型：物理、疾病、毒药、火焰、冰霜、震击。对于魔法伤害和陷阱造成的伤害无法以任何方式抵抗。

Immunities
免疫

Immunities offer total protection against secondary effects, but they no not help against direct damage. For example, if a creature is immune to fire effects and is hit by a fire spell that would normally set it on fire, the creature suffers whatever damage the spell causes, but isn't set on fire.
免疫可以避免次生伤害，但对直接伤害不起作用。例如，如果生物对火焰效果免疫，那么他在被火焰法术击中后不会燃烧，但依旧要承受火焰法术造成的伤害。

Vulnerabilities
弱点

Being vulnerable to a certain damage type means that any damage caused by that damage type causes double damage. Vulnerable creatures are always affected by the secondary damage effects - fire damage sets you on fire, poison damage applies a poison effect etc. Vulnerabilities of the same type do not stack.
针对特定伤害类型的弱点意思是该种伤害会导致双倍伤害值。生物有弱点的话就一定会中次生伤害效果 —— 火焰或导致燃烧，毒伤或导致中毒，等等。同种弱点并不叠加。

Damage Auras
光环伤害

Creatures can have auras that cause damage to all adjacent creatures at the end of turn. Alternatively auras can heal adjacent creatures if both source and target creatures have the same aura. The base damage and healing caused by an aura is D3 + Stamina Modifier. 
有光环的生物会在每回合结束时对所有邻近的生物都造成光环伤害。对于有相同光环的生物邻接在一起时，光环会给生物回血。光环造成的伤害值或回复量为 D3 + 耐力修正。

If a creature with an aura is a monster, the radius of the aura is 2 instead of 1 and the base damage and healing is multiplied by 1.5 if the target creature is adjacent to the monster. 
如果是巨怪带光环的话，气场半径从 1 增加到 2 ，伤害或回复值乘 1.5 倍。

Creatures with an aura are completely immune to damage and secondary effects of the damage type of the aura (e.g. fire, frost, shock, etc), and auras do not trigger secondary effects unless the target is vulnerable to the damage type of the aura. 
带光环的生物（例如，火焰、冰霜、震击，等等）将完全免疫和光环相同类型的伤害以及其次生效果。在目标没有对应类型的弱点时，光环不引发次生效果。

Note that auras hit automatically and do not cause critical hits, and the resistance value used is the average of the body and head slots combined and rounded down.
注意光环会自动攻击，并不会导致爆击。针对它的抗性取身体和头部装备上抗性和的平均值，并向下取整。

Hunger & Thirst
饥渴度

Each creature is affected by hunger and thirst at some point. Food and water is vital for survival and lack thereof may affect the behaviour of certain creatures. 
每个生物都会被饥饿和干渴影响。食物和水是生存的必需品，如果缺少它们将影响特定生物的行为。

Hunger and thirst has seven different states that represent the creature's current hunger and thirst conditions. Hunger states are referred to as the hunger track, and thirst states are referred to as the thirst track. 
饥饿和干渴有七种不同的程度表示生物的饥渴度。饥饿和干渴程度是分别计算的。

Hunger track: Famished, Starving, Hungry, Not Hungry, Satiated, Bloated, Choking. 
饥饿条：极饿，很饿，饿了，不饿，满足，过饱，吃撑。

Thirst track: Parched, Dehydrated, Thirsty, Not Thirsty, Satiated, Hydrated, Drenched. 
干渴条：极渴，很渴，渴了，不渴，满足，喝多，喝撑。

Each hunger and thirst level counts as 360 turns. Spells and effects that directly set these levels, will set the internal counter at 180 turns remaining. Spells and effects that adjust the levels up or down, will set the internal counter at 90 or 270 turns remaining, depending on the direction of the adjustment. Eating and drinking adjusts the internal counters directly by adding to or deducting from them. 
每级饥渴条都有内部 360 回合倒数。直接设置等级的法术和效果将会把内部回合数设为 180 。向上或向下调整级别的法术和效果将会把内部回合数分别设为 90 或 270 。吃喝食物则直接调整内部回合数。

Any effect that would bring either of the states below or above their respective tracks (less than 1 turn remaining, or more than 2520 turns remaining), will cause 1 point of damage per turn. 
任何一个将状态条向下或向上超出的效果（少于 1 会合或超过 2520 回合）都会造成每回合一点的伤害。

Any creature that is either Famished or Parched, suffers a -2 penalty modifier to all ability based checks and rolls, and may not regenerate energy. Any creature that is either Starving, Dehydrated, Choking, or Drenched, suffers a -1 penalty modifier to all ability based checks and rolls. 
对于处于极饿或极渴两状态其一的生物，在所有基于属性的检定或投骰中都要承受 -2 的惩罚，并且无法回复精力。对于处于很饿，很渴，吃撑，喝撑等任一状态的，所有检定和投骰中都承受 -1 的惩罚。

Hunger can be managed by eating, and the number of turns replenished depends on the type and quality of the food eaten. Thirst can be managed by drinking, and the number of turns replenished depends on the type and quality of the beverage. Thirst can also be managed by eating certain food types that contain a lot of water. 
吃东西可以维持饥饿条，回复的回合数取决于事物的类型和质量。干渴条可以用喝水来维持，回复的回合数取决于饮料的类型和质量。干渴条还可以由含水的食物来回复。

Note that each track is normally capped at satiated and it is not possible to eat or drink too much without being affected by a curse that forces to do so.
注意，如果不是被诅咒强迫进食，吃喝都会停在满足状态而不会过量。

Turn Sequence
回合次序

All creatures in the current dungeon level act in a predefined order that is determined when the player enters the level. Each creature may usually perform one action in a turn, such as move, shoot, cast spell, use talent, and so on. 
在同一层的所有生物在玩家进入该层时就在预定次序排好了。每个回合一个生物通常只能做一个行动，移动、射击、释放法术、使用天赋等等。

Creatures that are summoned by other creatures will take their action right after the summoning creature. Creatures summoned by the environment will act after all existing creatures have acted. 
由生物召唤出来的生物会在召唤者之后行动。由环境召唤出来的生物在所有已存在的生物之后行动。

Speed Effects
速度效应

Some creatures may be naturally fast or slow, or some magic effect may be in place that makes them fast or slow. Regardless of the source, creatures with one or more haste effects have a chance to act twice per turn and creatures with slow effects have a chance to miss their turn entirely. 
一些生物天生加速或迟缓，还有一些魔法效果可以加速或减慢速度。无论来源如何，带有一个或多个加速效果的生物在同一回合有机会行动两次，而迟缓效果则有可能导致它整个回合无法行动。

After taking the normal action for the turn, creatures with one or more haste effects affecting them roll two dice for each effect and if the result of any of the checks is equal to or more than 8, they may act twice that turn, and respectively, creatures with one or more slow effects roll two dice for each effect and determine whether they may take any action at all using the following formula:
和每回合的正常行动不同，带有一个或多个加速效果的生物，每个加速效果扔两个六面骰，只要有一次投出 8 或以上则在该回合可以行动两次。此外，带有一个或多个迟缓效果的生物，则需要为每个迟缓效果扔两个六面骰，并以下面的公式检定是否会失去整个回合：

2D6 + Stamina Modifier >= 7 + Effect's Power Level Modifier 
2D6 + 耐力修正 >= 7 + 效应能级修正

Regardless of the result of the checks, fast creatures will count each action as one plus the number of haste effects for the purposes of hunger and thirst tracking (e.g a character equipped with Ring of Haste would use (1 + 1) x 2 = 4 food and water per each action, or 8 per turn if the haste effect takes place). 
对于加速生物，无论是否通过鉴定，它的饥渴进度条在每个行动上都会消耗 1 加上加速效果的数量倍食物。（例如，带有加速戒指的角色每个行动讲消耗 (1+1) x 2 = 4 个食物和水，当加速效果起作用时一个回合消耗 8 个）。

Creatures may be affected by multiple speed effects at the same time. The order in which the effects are handled makes it possible for a slow effect to cancel the normal action thus canceling all haste effects. For example, if a creature is affected by two haste effects and one slow effect, the creature may be able to act once, twice, or not at all.
生物可以同时受多个速度效果影响。这些效果的处理会使得迟缓效果可能取消整个回合的行动而抵消掉所有的加速效果。例如，一个生物被两个加速效果和一个迟缓效果影响时，该生物有可能在同个回合行动行动一次或两次，也可能什么都做不了。

Combat
战斗

To-Hit Check
命中检定

Whenever a creature attempts to hit another creature with a melee weapon, ranged weapon, or a spell, a successful to-hit check is required. To-hit check uses the following formulas to determine success: 
当一个生物攻击另一个生物时，无论是近战还是远程还是法术，都需要做一次命中检定。命中检定用下列公式来判定是否成功：

Melee to-hit check: 2D6 + Offensive Modifiers >= 7 + Defensive Modifiers 
近战命中检定：2D6 + 攻击修正 >= 7 + 防御修正

Ranged to-hit check: 2D6 + Offensive Modifiers >= 7 + Range Modifier 
远程命中检定：2D6 + 攻击修正 >= 7 + 距离修正

Spell to-hit check: 2D6 + Offensive Modifiers >= 7 + Range Modifier 
法术命中检定：2D6 + 攻击修正 >= 7 + 距离修正

Melee attacks made against incapacitated creatures hit automatically and have increased critical hit chance (D6 + Critical Hit Modifier >= 6). A creature is incapacitated if it is asleep, paralysed, shocked or stunned. 
对无抵抗能力的生物发起近战攻击将自动命中，且爆击率上升（D6 + 暴击修正 >= 6 ）。生物在睡眠、麻痹、震击、眩晕时失去抵抗能力。

Melee attacks made against invisible creatures use 12 as the base difficulty instead of 7. Melee attacks made by invisible creatures cannot be blocked, dodged or parried.
针对隐形生物的近战攻击，基础难度从 7 上调到 12 。隐身状态的生物发起的近战攻击无法被格档、闪避、招架。

To-Hit Modifiers
命中修正

Offensive modifiers usually equals to the attacker's ability modifier that matches the weapon used. The modifier can be any of the ability modifiers, but usually melee weapons use strength modifier, ranged weapons use agility modifier, and spells use either stamina or charisma modifier. 
攻击修正通常等于武器匹配的属性修正。该修正可能对应任何一种属性修正。通常来说，近战武器使用力量修正，远程武器使用敏捷修正、法术使用耐力修正或魅力修正。

Defensive modifiers usually include dodge modifier and depending on the equipped weapons, may also include either block or parry modifier. 
防御修正包括闪避修正，以及在装备了对应武器后，可能触发格档或招架修正中的一种。

Untalented attacks with off-hand melee weapons receive a -2 to-hit modifier (see Dual Wield). 
在没有天赋的情况下，副手近战武器攻击会加上 -2 的命中修正（参见双持）。

Dodge Modifier
闪避修正

Any creature that is in total control of his or her own actions can dodge an attack once per turn. Dodge modifier equals to the creature's agility bonus modifier, or zero, but it may be capped to the Max Dodge Modifier as listed on helmets and armour.
任何可以完全控制自己行动的生物都可能在同一回合闪避一次攻击。闪避修正取生物的敏捷修正，最低为零，最高由护甲和头盔上列出的最大闪避修正值截断。

Block Modifier
格档修正

Any creature that is in total control of his or her own actions can block an attack using a shield once per turn. Block modifier equals to the creature's strength bonus modifier, or zero, but it may be capped to the Max Block Modifier as listed on shields.
任何可以完全控制自己行动的生物都可能在同一回合使用盾牌格档一次攻击。格档修正取生物的力量修正，最低为零，最高由盾牌上列出的最大格档修正值截断。

Parry Modifier
招架修正

Any creature that is in total control of his or her own actions can parry an attack once per turn while using a small off-hand weapon or a medium weapon two-handedly. Parry modifier equals to one half of the the creature's agility bonus modifier rounded up, but it may be capped to the Max Parry Modifier as listed on weapons.
任何可以完全控制自己行动的生物都可能在同一回合使用小型副手武器或双手拿一中型武器来招架一次攻击。招架修正取一半的敏捷修正并向上取整。最高被武器上列出的最大招架修正值截断。

Range Modifier
距离修正

Range modifier equals to the number resulting from dividing the range by two and rounding down. For example, if the target is three squares to the right and four squares up, the range before the division is sqrt(3^2 + 4^2), or 5, and the resulting modifier is 2. 
距离修正等于距离除二并向下取整。例如，如果目标在右侧三格、向上四格处，距离为 sqrt(3^2 + 4^2) ，也就是 5 ，最终的距离修正是 2 。

Deflect Modifier
偏斜修正

Deflect modifier equals to the minimum block modifier of the shield worn by the target creature. This modifier is added to the range modifier before applying the effects of the attacker's talents and equipment.
偏斜修正等于目标生物装备的盾牌上的最小格档修正。该值在计算攻击者的天赋和装备效果前加在距离修正上。

Successful dodges, blocks and parries, are determined from the to-hit dice roll and as long as the roll does not match with the exact numbers the defensive modifiers are indexed to, the defensive modifiers apply to any subsequent rolls to hit. 
是否发生闪避，格档或招架由命中骰来决定，只要没有正好投出该类防御修正指定的数值，那么防御修正就还可以用于后续的命中检定。

For example, a creature with no bonus modifiers attempts to hit another creature that has a +1 agility and +1 strength modifier and carries a shield. The attacking creature needs to roll 9 in order to hit because the defending creature has not dodged or blocked this turn. If the attacking creature rolls 8 or 7, the defending creature blocks or dodges, and the defending creature loses that defense for the remainder of the turn. Let's assume the attacker rolled 8 and the defender loses the block bonus, the next attacker (with no bonus modifiers) would require 8 to hit because the defender can only dodge. 
例如，一个生物在没有任何命中修正时想攻击另一个有 +1 敏捷 +1 力量修正且带盾的生物。攻击方需要扔出 9 来击中，因为防御方这个回合还没有闪避或格档。如果攻击方投出了 8 或 7 ，防御方会格档或闪避掉攻击，并且在该回合中余下的过程失去该形式的防御。假设这个攻击者投出了 8 ，这样防御者就失去了格档机会；下一个攻击者（不带增益修正）就需要投出 8 来命中，此刻防御者只能闪避。

The defensive modifier indexes move up and down the roll depending on the attacker's bonus modifier, lowering the chance that dodge, parry or block occurs. 
防御修正对应的骰值根据攻击者的增益修正来调整，同时会降低闪避、招架、格档发生的几率。

For example, a creature with +4 bonus modifier attempts to hit the creature above requiring a roll of 5 or more in order to hit. In this case the block occurs on a roll of 4 and dodge occurs on a roll of 3. Block chance has dropped from 5/36 to 3/36 and dodge chance has dropped from 6/36 to 2/36.
例如，当一个有 +4 增益修正的生物攻击上面例子中生物，只需要扔出 5 或更大来击中。在这个例子中，格档发生在扔出 4 的时候，闪避发生在扔出 3 的时候。格档概率从 5/36 下降到 3/36 而闪避概率从 6/36 下降到 2/36 。

Hit Locations
击中部位

Every creature has two hit locations that an attack can hit, the body and the head. Regular hits always hit the body and critical hits always hit the head. A critical hit takes place when the result of the hit dice is equal to or higher than the critical hit threshold, or the dice turn up as two sixes. 
每个生物有两个部位可能被击中，身体和头部。普通攻击击中身体，暴击击中头部。当命中骰等于或超过暴击阀值时，或是投出两个六，都被视为暴击。

Critical hit threshold is 12 by default but it can be lowered with enchants and magical effects.
默认的暴击阀值为 12 ，但可以被附魔按魔法效果降低。

Whenever a creature is critically hit, it can be confused, disarmed or wounded badly enough to start bleeding.
当生物被暴击时，可能发生混乱或缴械，亦或在受伤严重时开始流血。

Damage
伤害

When an attack succesfully hits a target, it causes damage. The amount of damage depends on the weapon, or spell, and the relevant damage modifiers. 
当攻击成功命中目标，就会造成伤害。伤害的总量取决于武器或是法术，以及对应的伤害修正。

Damage modifiers usually equal to the attacker's ability modifier that matches the weapon used. The modifier can be any of the ability modifiers, but usually melee and thrown weapons use strength modifier, ranged weapons use agility bonus modifier, and offensive spells use either stamina or charisma bonus modifier. 
伤害修正通常等于攻击者武器对应的属性修正。修正可以对应于任何一种属性，通常近战和投掷武器使用力量修正，远程武器使用敏捷增益修正，攻击法术使用耐力或魅力修正。

Off-hand melee weapon damage modifier equals to two times the relevant ability penalty modifier, or -1, whichever is lower. 
副手近战武器伤害等于两倍的敏捷惩罚修正，或是 -1 ，这取决于哪样更小一些。

Two-handed melee weapon damage modifier, and damage modifier of a one-handed melee weapon that is used two-handedly, equals to one and a half times the relevant ability modifier rounded up, or zero, whichever is higher. 
双手近战武器以及被双手使用的单手近战武器的修正等于一半的对应属性修正并向上取整，或是 0 ，这取决于哪个更高。

Damage Effects
伤害效应

There are many effects that cause damage over time such as
bleeding, curses, poisons, diseases and being set on fire. Damage
effects ignore resistances and they often require some other way to
survive them such as a cure spell, potion, scroll or a water flask.
有许多效应会造成持续伤害，例如流血，诅咒，毒害，疾病，还有燃烧。伤害效应忽略抗性，它们通常需要一些特定方法来对抗，比如施放一个治疗法术，喝药，使用卷轴，或是用水袋浇水。
 
Damage and other effects can also be removed in the town if you
have some spare coins to donate.
伤害及其它效应还可以在城镇解除，不过你需要捐赠一点钱。

2D6 Hit Table
2D6 命中表

Below you can see the hit table for an average attacker trying to hit
another average creature with no defensive modifiers (2D6 >= 7).
The chance to hit in this case is 21/36 or ~58%. If the attacker
would have +1 modifier to hit after reducing defensive modifiers
then all those black 6's would also hit and the hit chance would
be 26/36 or ~72%.
你可以在下面看到一张命中表，算出通常情况下攻击者在尝试攻击另一个不带防御修正（2D6 >= 7）的生物时的概率。这种情况下，命中为 21/36 即 ~58% 。如果攻击者在减去防御修正后还有 +1 命中修正，所有黑色的 6 都算为命中，此时命中概率是 26/36 即 ~72% 。

Cursed Items
被诅咒的物品

Any item in the game may be cursed. The effects of cursed items may vary from a minor nuisance to some rather nasty effect that may very well end the story.
游戏中所有物品都可能被诅咒。被诅咒的物品效果可能只是一些小麻烦，也可能有一些可怕的效果，直接搞死你。

All cursed items have one thing in common and that is that they
increase critical failure modifier by 1 when equipped.
任何被诅咒的物品上都会发生一件事。那就是在装备了该物品后，直接失败的修正增加 1 。

In most cases, a creature may freely equip and unequip cursed items and the effects only take place while a cursed item is equipped, but there are also items that can be magically bound to the wearer, and those items cannot be unequipped unless they are destroyed by dispelling the magic that is binding them.
在多数情况下，对于自由取下的被诅咒物品，只在该物品被装备时诅咒才生效。但有些物品会魔法绑定在装备者身上，这些物品只有通过解除绑定其中的魔法来摧毁掉它。

Blessed Items
被祝福的物品

Any item in the game may be blessed. Blessed items can have secret features, but most blessed items follow these design principles: 
游戏中所有物品都可能被祝福。被祝福的物品有一些隐秘特性，所有被祝福的物品遵循下列设计准则：

1. Consumable items have more charges (potions, tomes, wands).
1. 消费类的物品可以使用更多次 （药水，典籍、魔杖）。

2. Breakable items are more durable (armour, helmets, shields, weapons).
2. 会损坏的物品更坚固（护甲、头盔、盾牌、武器）。

3. Wearable items have more powerful benefits (amulets, rings).
3. 可装备的物品有更具威力的特性（项链、戒指）。

Traps & Triggers
陷阱和机关

Trap damage scales with player level and the base damage is either D3 or D6. Traps that use D3 as base damage can cause up to 10 points of damage (3D3 + 1) at level 20 and traps that use D6 as base damage can cause up to 21 points of damage (3D6 + 3) at level 20. Note that damage caused by traps cannot be resisted in most cases (magic trap is the only exception as long as its damage type isn't magic).
陷阱伤害根据玩家等级弹性调整，基础伤害为 D3 或 D6 。使用 D3 作为基础伤害的陷阱在 20 级时会造成最高 10 点伤害（3D3 + 1）；使用 D6 作为基础伤害的陷阱在 20 级时会造成最高 21 点伤害（3D6 + 3）。注意，在大多数情况下陷阱造成的伤害无法抵抗（魔法陷阱在它的伤害类型不是魔法时是例外）。
 
There are four types of traps, direct damage, snares, spawners and triggers. Direct damage traps and snares cause damage when you step on them and if you critically fail to rest or move out, snares hold you in place unless you manage to free yourself from the trap, spawners may spawn creatures and triggers trigger something. Most traps can be avoided by levitating above them.
有四种类型的陷阱：伤害，捕获，孵化，机关。伤害类和捕获类陷阱在你踏上它们时或是在上面休息严重失败或是移开时造成伤害。捕获类陷阱还会在你成功摆脱陷阱前将你留在原地。孵化类陷阱有可能孵化出生物，机关类陷阱会触发一些东西。所有的陷阱都可以通过漂浮来回避。

Bear Trap
捕熊夹

Base Damage: D3
基础伤害：D3

Trap Type: Snare
陷阱类型：捕获

Spike Trap
尖刺

Base Damage: D6
基础伤害：D6

Trap Type: Damage
陷阱类型：伤害

Spider Web
蛛网

Base Damage: None
基础伤害：无

Trap Type: Snare, Spawner
陷阱类型：捕获，孵化

Ignnores levitation
无视漂浮

Spiked Pit
尖刺坑

Base Damage: D6
基础伤害：D6

Trap Type: Snare
陷阱类型：捕获

Water Pit
水坑

Base Damage: None or D3
基础伤害：无或 D3

Trap Type: Snare
陷阱类型：捕获

Magic Trap
魔法陷阱

Base Damage: D6 or Teleport
基础伤害：D6 或传送

Crush Trigger
巨石机关

Base Damage: None
基础伤害：无

Trap Type: Trigger (reflex check or die)
陷阱类型: 机关（反射检定或死）

Alarm Trigger
警铃

Base Damage: None
基础伤害：无

Trap Type: Trigger
陷阱类型: 机关

Gate Trigger
闸门机关

Base Damage: None
基础伤害：无

Trap Type: Trigger (may cause you to retire)
陷阱类型: 机关（有可能导致你退役）

Chasms & Bridges
峡谷和桥梁

Bridges can be used to cross chasms but if they're moldy, like they often are when there is water around, they can break under your weight. Bridges crossing a lava chasm are never moldy but if you happen to equipping some cursed items they may still break.
桥梁用于通过峡谷，但它们在水边久了，都很陈腐，被你的体重一压就容易垮掉。通过岩浆的桥梁不会腐败，不过如果你装备着一些被诅咒的物品的话，一样可能垮掉。
 
Note that if you want to go skinny dipping in a lava chasm, there
will be double damage on the first turn (when you enter and at the
end of the turn).
注意，如果你想去去岩浆中游泳的话，第一回合会有双倍伤害（指你进入的那个回合，该回合结束的时候）。

Water Chasm
深水峡谷

Base Damage: None or D3
基础伤害：无或 D3

Trap Type: Snare, Spawner
陷阱类型：捕获，孵化

Lava Chasm
熔岩峡谷

Base Damage: Enough
基础伤害：足够

Trap Type: Scorchio
陷阱类型：灼烧

Bridge
桥梁

Base Damage: None
基础伤害：无

Trap Type: None
陷阱类型：无

Talents
天赋

The first talent point is unlocked at level 3 and further points can be unlocked every three levels after that up to a maximum of 6 points at level 18. Talent points can be spent at trainer tiles (training dummy, archery target, dark well, magical altar, camp fire and spirit totem). Some NPC's can also teach talents if you have talent points to spend.
第一点天赋在等级 3 时解锁，之后每三级解锁一点，直到等级 18 的时候解锁完所有 6 点天赋。天赋点可以在训练地块用掉（训练假人，射击靶，幽暗水井，魔法祭坛，营火，心灵图腾）。如果你有可用的天赋点，一些 NPC 也能教你天赋的使用。
 
There are two types of talents, passive and active. Passive talents improve your character in some way but they can't be directly used. Active talents may improve you in some way but their main effect comes from using them and they require energy to use.
天赋分两类，被动型和主动型。被动天赋可以在某方面提升你角色的能力但不能直接使用。主动天赋可以在某方面增强你，但它们的主要效果需要消耗精力点来使用出来。
 
Some talents can't be normally learned unless you already know their prerequisite talents (those talents are indented).
一些天赋无法直接学习，你必须先学会其先决条件（那些天赋被缩进了）。

Aimed Shot
百步穿杨

Ranged attack that receives D3 extra damage instead of 1 for each point of agility bonus modifier . Aimed Shot is required in order to learn Multi Shot and Quick Shot.
远程攻击每点敏捷增益修正获得 D3 的额外伤害，取代普通的 1 点额外伤害。学习连珠箭法和快速射击前都必须先学习瞄准射击。

Multi Shot
连珠箭法

Ranged attack that hits the target creature and up to agility bonus modifier number of extra targets that are adjacent to the target creature. Multi Shot cannot be used with slow weapons.
远程攻击将命中目标生物邻接的多个额外目标生物，数量等于敏捷增益修正值。连珠箭法不能用于慢速武器。

Quick Shot
快速射击

Ranged attack that allows the creature to move before taking the shot. Quick Shot cannot be used with slow weapons.
远程攻击的射击前生物可以先移动。快速射击不能用于慢武器。

Steady Shot
弹无虚发

Ranged attack that allows the creature to re-roll a failed to-hit check and doubles damage if used while hidden.
远程攻击时，可以重投失败的命中检定，在隐秘状态下能造成双倍伤害。

Blade Flurry
剑刃乱舞

Melee attack that receives up to one extra attack per weapon (agility bonus modifier +1 or better for main hand and +3 or better for offhand). Blade Flurry requires either two small weapons or a medium weapon that is used two-handedly.
近战攻击的每把武器（当敏捷增益修正 +1 或更高时，可针对主手武器；+3 或更高时针对副手武器）获得最一次额外攻击机会。剑刃乱舞需要两把小型武器或将一把中型武器双手使用。

Deadly Throw
致命投掷

Thrown weapon attack that receives D3 extra damage instead of 1 for each point of strength or agility bonus modifier, whichever is higher. Deadly Throw also allows the creature to use strength or agility modifier for to-hit and damage with all thrown weapon attacks.
投掷武器攻击的每点属性增益修正获得 D3 额外伤害，取代普通的 1 点额外伤害，依据的属性取力量和敏捷中的较高值。致命投掷使用所有投掷武器攻击时，允许生物使用力量和敏捷修正中较高的那个做命中和伤害修正。

Heroic Charge
冲锋陷阵

Allows the creature to move up to two spaces and attack a target at the end of the move. Heroic Charge also increases the attacker's damage modifier by 1 for the attack.
允许生物最多移动两格，然后在移动停止后攻击目标。冲锋陷阵还会增加 1 点伤害修正。

Crushing Blow
粉碎打击

Main hand melee attack that receives D3 extra damage instead of 1 for each point of strength bonus modifier. Crushing Blow requires a medium or large weapon. Crushing Blow is required in order to learn Killing Blow and Sweeping Blow.
主手近战武器攻击的每点力量增益修正都获得 D3 额外伤害，取代普通的 1 点额外伤害。粉碎打击需要一把中型或大型武器。学习致命一击或横扫千军前必须先学习粉碎打击。

Killing Blow
致命一击

Main hand melee attack that instantly kills the target creature if the attack hits and the to-hit roll is a pair and the target creature is not immune to instant death effects. Killing Blow requires a medium or large weapon.
主手近战攻击在攻击命中且命中骰投出一对，且目标生物不免疫即死时，直接杀死对方。致命一击需要一把中型或大型武器。

Sweeping Blow
横扫千军

Main hand melee attack that hits the target creature and up to strength bonus modifier number of extra targets that are adjacent to the attacker. Sweeping Blow requires a medium or large weapon. Sweeping Blow also grants a +1 minimum block and maximum parry modifiers while equipped with a large weapon.
主手近战武器将命中和攻击者邻接的多个额外生物目标，其数量取决于力量增益修正。横扫打击需要一把中型或大型武器。当装备大型武器时，还会获得 +1 最小格档修正以及 +1 最大招架修正。

Shield Bash
盾击

Off-hand shield attack that knocks back and stuns the target for D3 turns if any damage is caused. Shield Bash cannot be blocked, dodged, or parried and it requires a melee weapon and a shield. Shield bash also causes the deflect modifier to equal block modifier instead of minimum block modifier.
副手盾牌攻击，将目标击退并在实际造成伤害后眩晕目标 D3 回合。盾击不会被格档、闪避或招架，它需要装备一把近战武器和一面盾牌。盾击还会将偏斜修正从最小格档修正改为格档修正。

Shapeshift: Wolf
变身：狼

Shapeshifts the creature into a wolf and replaces all weapons and alents with the following:
将生物变为一只狼，把装备的武器和天赋替换成下列：

- Ferocious Bite (D6, Melee/Medium/Crushing)
- 凶残之咬（D6，近战/中型/粉碎）

- Heroic Charge (Level 3)
- 冲锋陷阵（等级 3）

- Silent Move (Level 6)
- 潜行（等级 6）

- Sixth Sense (Level 9)
- 第六感（等级 9）

- Keen Eye (Level 12)
- 锐利目光（等级 12）

Shapeshift: Bear
变身：熊

Shapeshifts the creature into a bear and replaces all weapons and talents with the following:
将生物变为一头熊，把装备的武器和天赋替换成下列：

- Ferocious Bite (D6, Melee/Medium/Crushing)
- 凶残之咬（D6，近战/中型/粉碎）

- Heroic Charge (Level 3)
- 冲锋陷阵（等级 3）

- Crushing Blow (Level 6)
- 粉碎打击（等级 6）

- Strong Will (Level 9)
- 坚强意志（等级 9）

- Keen Eye (Level 12)
- 锐利目光（等级 12）

Bestial Wrath
狂野怒火

Increases physical damage by D3 while shapeshifted. This talent is also improved by the following heritages: Bestial Vigour, Leader of the Pack.

在变形时增加 D3 物理伤害。这个天赋还会被下列遗产增强：兽性大发，团队领袖。

Dual Wield
双持

Off-hand attacks no longer receive penalties to hit and damage and parry modifier equals to agility bonus modifier instead of one half of it.
副手攻击不再承受的命中修正的惩罚，伤害和招架修正取敏捷修正而不是其一半。

Dark Vision
黑暗视觉

Increases light radius by 1 and halves ranged attack to-hit range modifier rounding down.
增加一格视野，并将距离修正减半向下取整。

Literacy: Common
读写：常识

Allows the creature to read and write common, cast spells scribed on magical scrolls and zap with wands. Literacy: Common is required in order to learn Literacy: Celestial, Literacy: Draconic, and Literacy: Infernal talents.
允许生物常规读写，释放记录在魔法卷轴上的法术，释放魔杖的能力。学习读写：天使，读写：龙系，读写：地狱 前必须先学习读写：常识。

Literacy: Celestial
读写：天使

Allows the creature to learn Celestial Spells from magical tomes. Celestial spells always use Max Cast Modifier of 2 or more regardless of armour.
允许生物从魔法典籍中学习天使系法术。天使系法术永远使用 2 点或更高的最高施法修正，无视所穿护甲。

Literacy: Draconic
读写：龙系

Allows the creature to learn Draconic Spells from magical tomes.
允许生物从魔法典籍中学习龙系法术。

Literacy: Infernal
读写：地狱

Allows the creature to learn Infernal Spells from magical tomes.
允许生物从魔法典籍中学习地狱系法术。

Focused Cast
专注施法

Allows the creature to target and cast spells at any space within line of sight (normally spells can only be targeted at an adjacent tile). In addition, direct damage and healing spells receive D3 points of extra damage or healing instead of 1 for each point of the relevant bonus modifier.
允许生物定位任何在视野直线可达区的目标并释放法术（通常法术只能定位邻接格的目标）。另外，直接伤害或治疗法术都会因每点对应的属性增益修正获得额外的 D3 点伤害或治疗效果，而不是常规的 1 点。

Silent Cast
沉默施法

Allows the creature to cast spells while silenced and halves spell to-hit range modifier rounding down. Silent Cast also teaches Clearcasting.
允许生物在沉默状态释放法术，且将失法的距离修正减半向下取整。沉默施法还会教会沉净施法。

Keen Eye
锐利目光

Increases search radius by 1 and grants a free action that automatically searches the surroundings when taking a move or rest action. Keen Eye also allows the creature to re-roll failed search checks.
增加一格搜索半径，并在移动或休息行动时获得一次搜索周围的免费行动。锐利目光还会在失败的搜索检定后重掷。

Sixth Sense
第六感

Allows the creature to to re-roll failed reflex checks and shows a warning before picking up, equipping or using an unidentified cursed item.
允许生物重掷反射检定，并在拾起装备或使用未鉴定的被诅咒物品前给出警告。

Strong Will
坚强意志

Allows the creature to re-roll failed mental checks and halves the duration of charm, envy, fear, frenzy, greed, lust, and reckless effects, rounding down.
允许生物重掷失败的精神检定，并将媚惑、忌妒、恐惧、狂暴、贪婪、欲望、鲁莽效果的持续时间减半，向下取整。

Trap Master
陷阱大师

Allows the creature to see hidden bear traps and step on them without triggering the effects. Trap Master also allows the creature to disassemble visible bear into trap kits for later use.
允许生物看见隐藏的捕熊夹，站在其上不会触发效果。陷阱大师还能拆解可见的捕熊夹留到以后使用。

Spells
法术

Unlike most other actions, spells may be cast by spending energy and health. If a creature does not have energy left to cast a spell, it may sacrifice D3 points of health to cast the spell.
和其它大多数行动不同，法术可以使用精力和血来施放 。如果生物没有精力施法的话，可以献祭 D3 点血来施放。

Spellcasting usually requires two separate checks. The first check is called the spell to-hit check and it is used to determine if the spell hits the intended target (see Combat). The second check has many names depending on the spell, and it is used to determine if one or more of the random effects of the spell takes place.
施法通常需要通过两个独立的检定。第一个检定称为施法命中检定，用来决定法术是否命中想作用的目标（见战斗系统）。第二个检定根据法术的不同有很多名字，它用来决定法术是否附加一或多个随机效果。

Spell to-hit check uses the caster's stamina or charisma modifier as the casting modifier (offensive modifier), depending on the spell.
施法命中检定使用施法者的耐力或魅力修正作为施法修正（攻击修正），用哪个取决于法术。

Spells that attempt to remove existing effects will use the casting bonus modifier against the existing effect's power level modifier and the following formula is used to determine the outcome:
用来移除已有效果的法术使用施法增益修正来对抗需移除效果的强度等级修正，以下列公式来决定是否成功：

2D6 + Casting Modifier >= 7 + Power Level Modifier.
2D6 + 施法修正 >= 7 + 强度等级修正

Some of the following spell descriptions use X instead of (stamina bonus modifier), Y instead of (charisma bonus modifier), and Z instead of (creature's experience level / 4) . For example, if an effect's duration is XD6 x 10 turns and the caster's stamina bonus modifier is 3, the effect lasts for 3D6 x 10 turns.
下列法术描述中用 X 指代耐力增益修正，Y 指代魅力增益修正，Z 指代 生物经验等级 / 4 。例如，如果一个效果的持续时间是 XD6 x 10 回合，而施法者的耐力增益修正是 3 ，则该效果可持续 3D6 x 10 回合。

Clearcasting
沉净施法

Clearcasting is a passive skill that can be learned and it gives the caster a chance to cast spells without using energy. 
沉净施法是一个可学习的被动技能，它赋予施法者一次不消耗精力的施法机会。

D6 + Critical Hit Modifier >= 6 (roll of 1 always fails)
D6 + 暴击修正 >= 6（投出 1 永远算失败）

Celestial Spells
天使法术

Cure Disease
治疗疾病

Attempts to remove one disease from the target creature. Cure Disease uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试移除目标生物身上的一个疫病。治疗疾病使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。

Cure Poison
治疗中毒

Attempts to remove one poison from the target creature. Cure Poison uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试移除目标生物身上的一个中毒效果。治疗中毒使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。

Dispel Magic
驱散魔法

Attempts to remove one magical effect from the target creature, location, or an item in the caster's inventory. Dispel Magic uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试移除目标生物身上，或特定地点，施法者物品栏中的物品上的一个魔法效果。驱散魔法 使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。

Divine Grace
神之恩典

Places a lingering effect on the caster and all friends within line of sight for (D6 + Y) x 10 turns that increases agility and charisma by 1 and physical, poison and disease resistances by 1. Divine Grace uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
赋予施法者和他视线内所有友方单位一个 (D6+Y) x 10 回合的持续效果，该效果增强敏捷、魅力各 1 点，物理抗性、毒药抗性、疾病抗性各 1 点。神之恩典使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。

Divine Might
天赋神力

Places a lingering effect on the caster and all friends within line of sight for (D6 + X) x 10 turns that increases strength and stamina by 1 and fire, frost and shock resistances by 1. Divine Might uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
赋予施法者和他视线内所有友方单位一个 (D6+X) x 10 回合的持续效果，该效果增强力量、耐力各 1 点，火焰抗性、冰霜抗性、震击抗性各 1 点。神之恩典使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Divine Reach
神圣领域

Places a lingering effect on the caster for (D6 + X) x 10 turns that allows to cast spells at any target within line of sight. If a creature is affected by both Divine Reach and the Focused Cast talent, the spell to-hit check range modifier is halved rounding down. Divine Reach uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
赋予施法者一个 (D6+X) x 10 回合的持续效果，允许他对视线内的任何目标施放法术。如果生物同时受神圣领域和专注施法天赋的影响，施法命中距离修正减半并向下取整。神圣领域使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Healing Touch
治疗之触

Heals the target creature for D6 + Y points of damage and attempts to restore 1 point of ability damage. Healing Touch uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
治疗目标生物及 D6 + Y 点伤害，并尝试回复一点属性伤害。治疗之触使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。

Healing Wave
治疗光波

Heals the target creature and all adjacent creatures to it for D3 + Y points of damage. Healing Wave uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
治疗目标生物及所有和该目标邻接的生物 D3 + Y 点伤害。治疗光波使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。

Renewing Touch
回复之触

Places a lingering effect on the target creature for D6 + Y turns and heals the target for D3 + Y points per turn. Renewing touch uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check. Note that the duration of this effect is reduced down to the caster's charisma modifier if any damage is taken (and it is higher than that).
赋予目标生物一个 D6+Y 回合的持续效果，每个回合治疗 D3 + Y 点。回复之触使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。注意，该持续效果在受到伤害（且伤害高于施法者魅力修正）时，减少到施法者魅力修正值。

Turn Undead
超度亡魂

Causes D6 + Y points of magic damage to the target undead creature. Turn undead has a chance to instantly kill undead creatures. The chance is 2D6 + Y >= 10 + Z. Turn Undead uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check and counts as an orb spell but cannot be enlarged.
对目标不死生物造成 D6 + Y 点魔法伤害。超度亡魂有一定机会立刻杀死不死生物。这个机会是 2D6 + Y >= 10 + Z 。超度亡魂使用魅力修正做法术命中检定，视为一个法术球，但不能被增大。

Draconic Spells
龙系法术
	
Amplify Magic
魔法增效

Places a lingering effect on the caster for (D6 + X) x 10 turns that amplifies the damage of orb spells by D6. Amplify Magic uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
赋予施法者一个 (D6+X) x 10 回合的持续效果，增强法术球的伤害 D6 。魔法增效使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Electric Orb
电球术

Causes D6 + X points of shock damage to the target creature. Electric Orb has a chance of shocking the target for X / 2 turns. The chance is 2D6 + X >= 10 + shock resistance. Electric Orb uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
对目标生物造成 D6 + X 点震击伤害。电球有一定机会使目标休克 X / 2 回合。这个机会有 2D6 + X >= 10 + 震击抗性。电球术使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。
	
Enlarge Orb
法术球增大

Places a lingering effect on the caster for 2D6 + X turns that causes the next orb spell to explode upon impact granting an additional D6 + X points of damage and the spell's normal damage on any adjacent creatures. Enlarge Orb uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
赋予施法者一个 2D6+X 回合的持续效果，该效果可让下一发法术球爆炸造成额外 D6 + X 点伤害，并对目标邻接的生物造成法术原本的伤害。法术球增大使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Flaming Orb
火球术

Causes D6 + X points of fire damage to the target creature. Flaming Orb has a chance of setting the target on fire causing D3 points of fire damage per turn for D6 + X turns. The chance is 2D6 + X >= 10 + fire resistance. Flaming Orb uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
对目标生物造成 D6 + X 点火焰伤害。火球有一定机会给目标附加 D6 + X 回合的燃烧效果，每回合会造成 D3 点火焰伤害。这个机会有 2D6 + X >= 10 + 火焰抗性。火球术使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Frozen Orb
冰球术

Causes D6 + X points of frost damage to the target creature. Frozen Orb has a chance of slowing the target for D6 + X turns. The chance is 2D6 + X >= 10 + frost resistance. Frozen Orb uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
对目标生物造成 D6 + X 点冰霜伤害。冰球有一定机减慢目标 D6 + X 回合.这个机会有 2D6 + X >= 10 + 冰霜抗性。冰球术使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Illumination
照明术

Places a lingering effect on the caster and all creatures within line of sight that increases light and search radius by 1 for (D6 + Y) x 10 turns. Illumination uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
赋予施法者和他视线内所有友方单位一个 (D6+Y) x 10 回合的持续效果，增加他们的视野范围及搜索范围 1 格。照明术使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。

Mage Armour
魔法盔甲

Places a lingering effect on the caster for (D6 + X) x 10 turns that increases all resistances by a number equal to X / 2, or 1, whichever is higher. This effect is automatically dispelled if the affected creature's equipped items change (note that broken items do not remove the effect). Mage Armour uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
赋予施法者一个 (D6+X) x 10 回合的持续效果，增强所有的抗性。增强值为 X / 2 或 1 里较高的一个。当施法者装备的物品因任何理由发生变化时，该效果自动解除。魔法盔甲使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Mirror Image
镜像术

Creates a duplicate of the caster for (D6 + Y) x 10 turns that appears to perform the same actions as the caster. Any damage taken reduces the duration of the image by (damage)D6 turns. Mirror Image uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
复制一个施法者持续 (D6 + Y) x 10 回合，该复制体看起来会发动和施法者相同的行动。复制体收到的任何伤害都会减少持续时间的 (伤害)D6 个回合。镜像术使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。

Remove Curse
移除诅咒

Attempts to remove one curse effect from the target creature, location, or an item in the caster's inventory. Remove Curse uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试移除目标生物身上，或特定地点，施法者物品栏中的物品上的一个诅咒效果。移除诅咒使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。

Telekinesis
念动力

Allows the caster to magically use remote objects such as doors, chests, levers and so on. Telekinesis uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
允许施法者使用魔法来操纵远程物体，像门、宝箱、开关等这类东西。念动力使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Infernal Spells
地狱法术

Banish Daemon
放逐恶魔

Causes D6 + Y points of magic damage to the target daemon. Banish Daemon has a chance to instantly kill daemons. The chance is 2D6 + X >= 10 + Z. Banish Daemon uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check and counts as an orb spell but cannot be enlarged.
对目标恶魔造成 D6 + Y 点魔法伤害。放逐恶魔有一定几率立刻杀死恶魔。这个几率是 2D6 + X >= 10 + Z 。放逐恶魔使用耐力修正做法术命中检定，视为一个法术球，但不能被增大。

Bestow Curse
降咒术

Attempts to place a random lingering curse effect on the target creature for (D6 + X) x 10 turns. The chance is 2D6 + X >= 7 + Z. Bestow Curse uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check. If the check fails, Curse of Agony is placed instead.
尝试给目标生物施加一个随机的持续 (D6 + X) x 10 回合的诅咒效果。几率为 2D6 + X >= 7 + Z 。降咒术使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。如果检定失败，则改为释放痛苦诅咒。

Capture Soul
灵魂捕捉

Places a lingering effect on the target creature for D6 + X turns that captures its soul in a gem upon death. This spell has no effect unless the X is greater than 0. Capture Soul uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试给目标生物附加一个持续 D6 + X 回合的持续效果，若目标生物死亡，该生物的灵魂将被捕获进一颗晶石中。当 X 不大于 0 时，该法术无效。灵魂捕捉使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Demonic Visage
魔鬼面容

Places a lingering fear effect on the caster for (D6 + Y) x 10 turns. Any creature attempting to attack the caster must pass a mental check or be afraid for D3 turns. Any damage taken reduces the duration of the Demonic Visage effect by (damage)D6 turns. Demonic Visage uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
赋予施法者一个 (D6+Y) x 10 回合的持续效果，任何试图攻击他的生物都必须先通过一次精神检定，失败后会造成 D3 回合的恐惧。受到任何伤害都会使得魔怪面容的持续时间减少 (伤害)D6 回合。魔鬼面容使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。

Enslave Daemon
奴役恶魔

Attempts to charm a daemon for (D6 + Y) x 10 turns. The chance is 2D6 + Y >= 8 + Z. Enslave Daemon uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试魅惑一个恶魔 (D6 + Y) x 10 回合。几率为 2D6 + Y >= 8 + Z 。奴役恶魔使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。

Plane Shift
位面传送

Allows the caster to instantly teleport to another location within line of sight. Plane Shift uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
将施法者立即传送到视野内的另一个位置。位面传送使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Release Soul
释放灵魂

Releases a soul from a random soul gem in the caster's inventory. The soul can either cause 2D6 + X points of magic damage to the target creature or it can be used to enchant a targeted item in the caster's inventory with a random enchantment. If the soul fails to enchant an item, it will cause 2D6 + X points of magical damage to the caster instead. Release Soul uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
从施法者的物品栏中随机选取一颗魂晶，释放其中的灵魂。释放的灵魂可以用于对目标生物造成 2D6 + X 点魔法伤害，也可以用于给物品栏中的一个装备做一次随机强化。如果强化失败，将对施法者造成 2D6 + X 点魔法伤害。释放灵魂使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Summon Daemon
召唤恶魔

Attempts to summon a daemon and then attempts to enslave it (see Enslave Daemon). Summon Daemon uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试召唤一个恶魔并奴役它（见奴役恶魔）。召唤恶魔使用魅力修正做法术命中检定。

Venomous Orb
毒球术

Causes D6 + X points of poison damage to the target creature. Venomous Orb also has a chance to apply a random poison effect for (D6 + X) x 10 turns. The chance is 2D6 + X >= 10 + poison resistance. Venomous Orb uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
对目标生物造成 D6 + X 点毒药伤害。毒球术另外有一次机会附加一个持续 (D6 + X) x 10 回合的随机中毒效果。这个几率为 2D6 + X >= 10 + 毒药抗性。毒球术使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Virulent Orb
疫球术

Causes D6 + X points of disease damage to the target creature. Virulent Orb also has a chance to apply a random disease effect for (D6 + X) x 10 turns. The chance is 2D6 + X >= 10 + disease resistance. Virulent Orb uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check
对目标生物造成 D6 + X 点疾病伤害。病球术另外有一次机会附加一个持续 (D6 + X) x 10 回合的随机疾病效果。这个几率为 2D6 + X >= 10 + 疾病抗性。疫球术使用耐力修正做法术命中检定。

Arcane Spells
奥术

Arcane spells are more powerful than regular spells and casting them requires that the caster is wearing an amulet containing the spell that is not on cooldown.
奥术比常规法术威力更大，施放它们通常需要施法者佩戴一枚包含有该法术的项链，且项链不能处于冷却过程。
 
Arcane spells can't miscast like regular spells and casting them always succeeds unless the equipped amulet is cursed but the amulet can be damaged or broken in the process.
奥术不像常规法术那样有可能失误，施放奥术永远成功除非装备的项链被诅咒了。不过项链有可能在这个过程中损坏或损毁。
 
Many arcane spells have bonus effects if a blessed amulet is used while casting them but only their basic effects are listed here.
如果项链被祝福，很多奥术有额外的增强效果。不过下面只列出其基础效果。
 
It is possible for a creature to learn how to cast arcane spells but then the rules change slightly. If an arcane spell is permanently learned then any amulet will work. The spell can also miscast even if the amulet isn't cursed.
生物可能学会奥术，之后规则会有些许变更。如果一个奥术被永久学会，那么佩戴任何项链都能工作。即使项链没有被诅咒，法术依然可能失误。

Divine Shield
神圣之盾

Creates a shield with a duration of 120 + 3D6 x 10 that absorbs up to duration / 10 points of damage rounding up. Divine Shield has a 120 turn cooldown.
创造一个盾，持续 120 + 3D6 x 10 回合，最多吸收持续时间 / 10 点伤害，向上取整。神圣之盾有 120 回合的冷却时间。

Conjure Daemon
召唤恶魔

Summons a lesser daemon at the target location and enslaves it. Conjure Daemon has a 120 turn cooldown.
在目标位置召唤一只小恶魔并奴役它。召唤恶魔有 120 回合的冷却时间。

Identify Item
物品鉴定

Identifies the targeted item in the caster's inventory. Identify Item has a 30 turn cooldown.
鉴定生物装备栏中目标位置的物品。物品鉴定有 30 回合的冷却时间。

Enchant Item
物品附魔

Enchants the targeted item in the caster's inventory with a random nchant. Enchant Item has a 120 turn cooldown.
对生物装备栏中目标位置的物品做一次随机附魔。物品附魔有 120 回合的冷却时间。

Elemental Orb
元素球

Casts an enlarged flaming, frozen and electric orb at the target with splash damage hitting all adjacent creatures. Elemental Orb has a 90 turn cooldown.
对目标位置释放一个增大的火焰，冰霜，雷电法球，并对邻接生物造成溅射伤害。元素球有 90 回合的冷却时间。

Clone Creature
克隆生物

Creates a mirror image of the target creature that aids the caster for 5D6 x 10 turns. Clone Creature has a 60 turn cooldown.
创造出目标生物的一个镜像，它会协助施法者 5D6 x 10 回合。克隆生物有 60 回合的冷却时间。

Animate Dead
亡灵复生

Permanently turns a dead human into an undead familiar with similar skills and equipment that the dead person had. Animate Dead has a 120 turn cooldown.
将一个死去的人类永久的亡灵同伴，它有这个死人曾经拥有的技能和装备。亡灵复生有 120 回合的冷却时间。

Transmute Item
物品炼金

Transmutes the targeted item in the caster's inventory into gold coins. Transmute Item has a 30 turn cooldown.
将施法者装备栏中的目标物品转化为金币。物品炼金有 30 回合的冷却时间。

Alter Terrain
地表变形

Increases or decreases the height of terrain on even or odd turns espectively. Alter Terrain has a 30 turn cooldown.
在偶数和奇数回合中升高或降低地表的高度。地表变形有 30 回合的冷却时间。

Arcane Missile
奥术飞弹

Causes D6 + X points of magic damage to the target creature. Arcane Missile has a chance of instantly killing the target. The chance is 2D6 + X >= 10 + Z. Arcane Missile has a 30 turn cooldown.
对目标生物造成 D6 + X 点魔法伤害。奥术飞弹有机会立刻杀死目标。这个机会是 2D6 + X >= 10 + Z 。奥术飞弹有 30 回合的冷却时间。

Bestial Spells
兽性法术

Bestial spells are slightly more powerful than regular spells and casting them requires that the caster has a Fairy Jizzed Bull Horn in the inventory.
兽性法术的威力明显超过常规法术，施放需要施法者的物品栏中有一个仙女摧残过的牛角。

Big Bear Slap
熊之巨掌

Attempts to disarm, knock back and stun the target creature. The chance is 2D6 + X >= 7 + Z. Big Bear Slap uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试缴械，击退，眩晕目标生物。成功机会为 2D6 + X >= 7 + Z 。熊之巨掌使用耐力修正作施法命中检定。

Command Beast
命令野兽

Attempts to control the target beast and make it your friend. The target beast must pass a mental check in order to avoid the effect. Command Beast uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试控制目标野兽，使之成为你的伙伴。目标野兽必须通过一次精神检定才能回避这个效果。命令野兽使用魅力修正作施法命中检定。

Cure Bleeding
流血治疗

Attempts to remove a bleeding wound from the target creature. Cure bleeding uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试移除目标生物的流血伤口。流血治疗使用耐力修正作施法命中检定。

Expose Roots
树根暴露

Spawns a treeman from the target mushroom patch. Expose Roots uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
从目标蘑菇块中孵化出一个树人。树根暴露使用魅力修正作施法命中检定。

Fairy Flight
仙女飞行

Places a lingering effect on the caster for (D6 + X) x 10 turns that makes it levitate. Fairy Flight uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
对施法者释放一个长达 (D6 + X) x 10 回合的徘徊效果，能使其漂浮。仙女飞行使用耐力修正作施法命中检定。

Insect Swarm
虫群召唤

Attempts to blind, deafen, silence, confuse and fear the target creature. Insect Swarm uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试致盲，致聋，沉默，混乱，恐惧目标生物。虫群召唤使用魅力修正作施法命中检定。

Raptor Strike
猛禽一击

Tears open a wound and causes the target to bleed for XD3 turns. Raptor Strike uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
撕裂一个伤口，对目标造成 XD3 回合的流血。猛禽一击使用耐力修正作施法命中检定。

Shroom Grenade
蘑菇手雷

Throws a blood cap from the caster's inventory that explodes on impact causing similar damage to an enlarged venomous orb. Shroom Grenade uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
从施法者物品栏中扔出一个蘑菇块，爆炸会产生等同于一个增大的疫球术。蘑菇手雷使用耐力修正作施法命中检定。

Soothe Beast
安抚野兽

Attempts to soothe the target beast and make it neutral towards the caster. The target beast must pass a mental check in order to avoid the effect. Soothe Beast uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试安抚目标野兽，让其对施法者中立。目标野兽必须通过一次精神检定才能回避这个效果。安抚野兽使用魅力修正作施法命中检定。

Spirit Wolves
狼之精灵

Summons Y / 2 ethereal spirit wolves at and around the target location. Spirit Wolves uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check. Note that the spirit wolves are not friendly towards the player.
在目标位置四周召唤出 Y / 2 只幻影狼精。狼之精灵使用魅力修正作施法命中检定。注意狼精不是玩家的伙伴。

Abyssal Spells
深渊法术

Abyssal spells are slightly more powerful than regular spells and casting them requires that the caster has an Engraved Pyramidion in the inventory.
深渊法术的威力明显超过常规法术，施放需要施法者的物品栏中有一个雕花金字塔。

Abyssal Grasp
深渊之握

Summons an abyssal claw at the target location. Abyssal Grasp uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check. Note that the claw is not friendly towards the player.
在目标位置召唤一个深渊之爪。深渊之握使用魅力修正作施法命中检定。注意那个爪子不是玩家的伙伴。

Army of the Dead
亡灵军团

Consumes all soul gems in your inventory to spawn an army of the dead. Normal soul gems spawn an undead and black soul gems spawn a wraith. Each soul gem used will also roll a D6 adding up to a summon score and for each full 16 points an extra ghost is spawned. Army of the Dead uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check. Note that the spawns are not normally friendly towards the player.
消耗你的装备栏中所有的魂晶孵化出一只亡灵大军。普通魂晶孵化出一个亡灵，黑色魂晶孵化出一个幽灵。每颗魂晶还会投出一个 D6 骰加入召唤点中，每 16 点都会多召唤出一个鬼魂。亡灵军团使用魅力修正作施法命中检定。注意，孵化出来的东西不是玩家的伙伴。

Corrupting Cloud
腐蚀之云

Bestows curse of agony on all creatures within radius around the target location for (D6 + X) x 10 turns. The radius is X / 2 + 1 with a maximum of 3. Corrupting Cloud uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
对目标位置半径内的所有生物降下痛苦诅咒，持续 (D6 + X) x 10 回合。半径为 X / 2 + 1 ，最大为 3 。腐蚀之云使用耐力修正作施法命中检定。

Dancing Weapons
武器之舞

Summons dancing weapons at the target location. Dancing Weapons uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check. Note that dancing weapons are not friendly towards the player.
在目标位置转换一组挥舞的武器。武器之舞使用魅力修正作施法命中检定。注意，挥舞的武器不是玩家的伙伴。

Grounding Orb
接地法球

Causes ED3 + MS points of magic damage to the target creature where E is the target's energy and MS is the target's mana shield at full energy. Grounding Orb uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
对目标生物造成 ED3 + MS 点魔法伤害，E 是目标的精力点数，MS 是目标的魔法盾满能量时的点数。接地法球使用耐力修正作施法命中检定。

Mass Dismissal
群体解散

Attempts to unsummon all summoned creatures within line of sight. Target creatures must pass a mental check to avoid being instantly killed. Mass Dismissal uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试将视野中所有召唤出的生物送回。目标生物必须通过一次精神检定才能避免即死。群体解散使用魅力修正作施法命中检定。

Repelling Smite
拒斥重击

Attempts to knock back and stun all adjacent creatures. The chance is 2D6 + X >= 7 + Z. Repelling Smite uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试击退并眩晕所有邻接的生物。成功机会为 2D6 + X >= 7 + Z 。拒斥重击使用耐力修正作施法命中检定。

Ritual Sacrifice
祭祀仪式

Attempts to sacrifice a creature at the center of the nearest sacrificial circle. The chance is 2D6 + X >= 7 + Z + S where S is the size modifier of the target creature. Ritual Sacrifice uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
尝试在最近的献祭环内献祭一个生物。成功机会为 2D6 + X >= 7 + Z + S ，S 是目标生物的大小修正。祭祀仪式使用耐力修正作施法命中检定。

Sacrificial Circle
献祭之环

Conjures a 3x3 sacrificial circle at the target location. Sacrificial Circle uses charisma modifier for the spell to-hit check.
在目标位置变出一个 3x3 的献祭环。献祭之环使用耐力修正作施法命中检定。

Spectral Gateway
鬼怪之门

Teleports you to the nearest sacrificial circle or a random location if none exists. Spectral Gateway uses stamina modifier for the spell to-hit check.
将你传送到最近的献祭环中，如果没有则传送到随机位置。鬼怪之门使用耐力修正作施法命中检定。

Curse
诅咒

Curses with a chance component have a 1/36 base chance (2D6 roll of 2) of the effect taking place each turn. If a curse comes from a spell, the chance is increased by the caster's stamina bonus modifier. If the curse comes from some other source, the chance is increased by the power level of the source.
被诅咒后，每个回合都有 1/36 (2D6 投出 2) 的机会效果生效。如果诅咒是由法术造成的，那么这个几率会随施法者的耐力修正而上升。如果诅咒来源于其它地方，则根据来源的强度等级调高几率。

The effects can be resolved by adding 2 to the modifier and comparing the roll against that number. If the roll is equal to or less than the combined number, the effect takes place.
效果是否生效是用修正值加 2 和投骰的值相比较来决定。如果投出值小于等于比较值，效果生效。

Example: if a creature is afflicted by a curse with a power level of 2, it would then suffer the effects on a 2D6 roll of 2, 3, or 4, at the end of the turn when the lingering effects are resolved.
例如：如果一个生物被下了强度等级 2 的诅咒，那么在诅咒持续时间内每个回合都会因为 2D6 投出 2,3,4 而效果生效。

Some of the following descriptions use X instead of power level. For example, if a description says an effect lasts for XD6 x 10 turns and the effect's power level is 3, the effect last for 3D6 x 10 turns.
在下列描述中，使用 X 代替强度等级。例如，如果描述中说一个效果持续 XD6 x 10 回合，而效果强度等级为 3 的话，该效果持续 3D6 x 10 回合。

Curse of Agony
痛苦诅咒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing D3 + X points of magic damage.
有机会导致 D3 + X 魔法伤害的持续效果。

Curse of Envy
忌妒诅咒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing the creature to become envious for D6 turns. Envious creatures are forced to move towards and attack the nearest creature of the same gender or miss their turn if no such creature exists.
有机会使生物陷入 D6 回合忌妒状态的持续效果。忌妒状态的生物将被强制向最近的同性别生物移动并攻击。如果没有这样的生物则失去回合。

Curse of Gluttony
贪食诅咒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing the creature to spend a turn eating or drinking. If the creature does not have anything suitable to consume, it will become frenzied for D6 turns.
有机会使生物花一个回合吃喝的持续效果。如果生物没有可食用的东西，则狂暴 D6 回合。

Curse of Greed
贪婪诅咒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing the creature to become greedy for D6 turns. Greedy creatures are forced to move towards the nearest item and attempt to pick it up or miss their turn if no such item exists.
有机会使生物陷入 D6 回合贪婪状态的持续效果。陷入贪婪状态的生物被强制向最近的物品移动并尝试捡起来。如果没有物品则失去回合。

Curse of Hunger
饥饿诅咒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing the creature to lose one level on the seven level hunger track (Famished, Starving, Hungry, Not Hungry, Satiated, Bloated, Choking). This effect takes place only on an unmodified roll of 2. Other successful rolls reduce hunger value by (4+X)D6.
有机会使生物在七级饥饿条（极饿，很饿，饿了，不饿，满足，过饱，吃撑）上失去一个等级。这个效果仅在扔出骰未修正的情况下为 2 才发生。别的诅咒成功的情况会减少饥饿值 (4+X)D6 。

Curse of Lust
淫欲诅咒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing the creature to become lustful for D6 turns. Lustful creatures are forced to move towards the nearest creature of the opposite gender and beat that creature into submission or miss their turn if no such creature exists.
有机会使生物陷入D6 回合淫欲状态的持续效果。淫欲状态的生物将被强制向最近的异性移动并打的对方屈服，如果没有合适的生物则失去回合。

Curse of Pride
傲慢诅咒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing the creature to become reckless for D6 turns. Reckless creatures are forced to move towards and attack the nearest enemy creature or miss their turn if no such creature exists.
有机会使生物陷入 D6 回合傲慢状态的持续效果。傲慢状态的生物将强制向最近的敌人移动并攻击，如果没有敌人则失去回合。

Curse of Sloth
懒惰诅咒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing the creature to lose one point of energy and miss the next turn. This effect also forces the creature to re-roll successful energy regeneration rolls.
有机会使生物失去一点精力，并失去下个回合。该效果还会重扔成功的精力回复骰。

Curse of Thirst
干渴诅咒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing the creature to lose one level on the seven level thirst track (Parched, Dehydrated, Thirsty, Not Thirsty, Satiated, Hydrated, Drenched). This effect takes place only on an unmodified roll of 2. Other successful rolls reduce thirst value by (4+X)D6.
有机会使生物在七级干渴条（极渴，很渴，渴了，不渴，满足，喝多，喝撑）上失去一个等级。这个效果仅在扔出骰未修正的情况下为 2 才发生。别的诅咒成功的情况会减少干渴值 (4+X)D6 。

Curse of Wrath
愤怒诅咒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing the creature to become frenzied for D6 turns. Frenzied creatures are forced to move towards and attack the nearest creature or miss their turn if no such creature exists.
有机会使生物陷入 D6 回合的狂暴状态。狂暴生物强制向最近的生物移动并攻击，如果不存在生物则失去回合。

Poisons
毒害

Poisons with a chance component have a 1/36 base chance (2D6 roll of 2) of the effect taking place each turn. If a poison comes from a spell, the chance is increased by the caster's stamina bonus modifier. If the poison comes from some other source, the chance is increased by the power level of the source.
中毒后，每个回合都有 1/36 (2D6 投出 2) 的机会效果生效。如果中毒是由法术造成的，那么这个几率会随施法者的耐力修正而上升。如果中毒来源于其它地方，则根据来源的强度等级调高几率。

The effects can be resolved by adding 2 to the modifier or potency and comparing the roll against that number. If the roll is equal to or less than the combined number, the effect takes place.
效果是否生效是用修正值或效力加 2 和投骰的值相比较来决定。如果投出值小于等于比较值，效果生效。

Example: if a creature is afflicted by a poison with a power level of 2, it would then suffer the effects on a 2D6 roll of 2, 3 or 4 at the end of the turn when the lingering effects are resolved.
例如：如果一个生物被下了强度等级 2 的毒药，那么在中毒持续时间内每个回合都会因为 2D6 投出 2,3,4 而效果生效。

Blinding Poison
致盲之毒

Lingering effect that has a chance of blinding the creature for D6 turns. Blinded creatures may act normally with the exception that they can't see anything. Blinding Poison also applies a negative modifier to hit rolls that equals to the power level of the poison.
有机会使生物持续 D6 回合盲眼的持续效果。盲眼的生物除了什么都看不见外，和平常一样。致盲之毒同时还会根据毒药强度给命中骰附加一个负修正。

Charming Poison
魅惑之毒

Lingering effect that has a chance of charming the creature for D6 turns. Charmed creatures are forced to attack the nearest creature that is also an enemy of the charmer or miss their turn if no such creature exists. Charming poison also forces the affected creature to pass a mental check before attacking the charmer.
有机会使生物持续 D6 回合陷入魅惑状态的持续效果。被魅惑的生物被强制攻击施展魅惑者的敌人中最近的那个。如果不存在敌人则失去回合。魅惑之毒同时还会让生物攻击施展魅惑者前先要通过一次精神检定。

Confusing Poison
混乱之毒

Lingering effect that has a chance of confusing the creature for D6 turns. Confused creatures move and attack in a random direction. Confusing Poison also applies a negative modifier to hit rolls that equals to the power level of the poison.
有机会使生物持续 D6 回合混乱的持续效果。混乱生物向随机方向移动攻击。换乱之毒同时还会根据毒药强度给命中骰附加一个负修正。

Deadly Poison
死亡之毒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing D3 + X points of poison damage. Deadly poison also forces the creature to re-roll successful health regeneration rolls.
有机会对生物造成 D3 + X 点毒伤害的持续效果。死亡之毒同时还会重投成功的回血骰。

Deafening Poison
震聋之毒

Lingering effect that has a chance of deafening the creature for D6 turns. Deafening Poison also applies a negative modifier on casting rolls that equals to the power level of the poison. Creatures with Silent Cast talent are not affected.
有机会使生物持续 D6 回合耳聋的持续效果。震聋只毒同时还会根据毒药强度给施法骰附加一个负修正。对有沉默施法天赋的生物无效。

Draining Poison
枯竭之毒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing the creature to lose 1 point of energy. Draining Poison also applies a negative modifier on energy regeneration rolls that equals to the power level of the poison. The damage caused by this poison also counts as an energy drain effect for immunity purposes.
有机会让生物失去一点精力的持续效果。枯竭之毒同时还会根据毒药强度给精力回复骰附加一个负修正。从免疫角度上看，这个毒药的伤害被视为精力吸收。

Leeching Poison
吸血之毒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing the creature to lose D3 + X points of health. Leeching Poison also applies a negative modifier on health regeneration rolls that equals to the power level of the poison. The damage caused by this poison also counts as a health drain effect for immunity purposes.
有机会对生物失去 D3 + X 点血。吸血之毒同时还会根据毒药强度给回血骰附加一个负修正。从免疫角度上看，这个毒药的伤害被视为吸血。

Paralytic Poison
麻痹之毒

Lingering effect that has a chance of paralysing the creature for D6 turns. Paralytic Poison also counts as a slow effect on the creature.
有机会麻痹生物 D6 回合的持续效果。麻痹之毒被看作生物身上的一个迟缓效果。

Silencing Poison
沉默之毒

Lingering effect that has a chance of silencing the creature for D6 turns. Silenced creatures may not cast spells, read scrolls or talk to other creatures. Silencing Poison also applies a negative modifier on casting rolls that equals to the power level of the poison. Creatures with Silent Cast talent are not affected.
有机会沉默生物 D6 回合的持续效果。被沉默的生物不能释放法术，阅读卷轴以及和别的生物对话。沉默之毒同时还会根据毒药强度给施法骰附加一个负修正。对有沉默失法天赋的生物无效。

Sleeping Poison
沉睡之毒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing the creature to fall asleep for D6 turns. Any damage will interrupt the currently affecting sleep effect but the poison remains and the creature may fall asleep again on the next turn.
有机会让生物沉睡 D6 回合的持续效果。任何伤害都会打断睡眠效果，但只要还在中毒，就有可能下个回合再次让生物睡去。

Slowing Poison
迟缓之毒

Lingering effect that counts as a slow effect and as an effect that may cause the creature to miss its next turn. Slowing Poison also reduces dodge, parry and block modifiers with a number that equals to the power level of the poison. This effect cannot, however, reduce the respective modifiers below their normal minimum level (e.g. +1 block modifier when a buckler is equipped).
视为一个持续的迟缓效果，并有持续可能让生物失去下个回合。迟缓之毒还会根据毒药强度来降低闪避、招架以及格档修正。但这个效果不能把各自修正降低到固有最小等级之下（例如装备了圆盾后至少有 +1 格档修正）。

Diseases
疾病

Diseases with a chance component have a 1/36 base chance (2D6 roll of 2) of the effect taking place each turn. If a disease comes from a spell, the chance is increased by the caster's stamina bonus modifier. If the disease comes from some other source, the chance is increased by the power level of the source.
疾病在每个回合都有 1/36 (2D6 投出 2) 的机会效果生效。如果疾病是由法术造成的，那么这个几率会随施法者的耐力修正而上升。如果疾病来源于其它地方，则根据来源的强度等级调高几率。

The effects can be resolved by adding 2 to the modifier or potency and comparing the roll against that number. If the roll is equal to or less than the combined number, the effect takes place.
效果是否生效是用修正值或效力加 2 和投骰的值相比较来决定。如果投出值小于等于比较值，效果生效。

Example: if a creature is afflicted by a disease with a power level of 2, it would then suffer the effects on a 2D6 roll of 2, 3, or 4, at the end of the turn when the lingering effects are resolved.
例如：如果一个生物被下了强度等级 2 的疾病，那么在中毒持续时间内每个回合都会因为 2D6 投出 2,3,4 而效果生效。

Aching Muscle
肌肉疼痛

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing one point of strength damage and a chance to place a slow effect on the creature for D6 turns.
可能造成 1 点力量损伤的持续效果，并有机会对生物造成 D6 回合的迟缓效果。

Bloody Flux
血瘟

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing one point of stamina damage and a chance to cause D3 + X points of health damage.
可能造成 1 点耐力损伤的持续效果，并有机会对生物造成 D3 + X 的伤害。

Bone Plague
骨病

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing one point of strength damage and a chance to place a paralysis effect on the creature for D6 turns.
可能造成 1 点力量损伤的持续效果，并有机会对生物造成 D6 回合的麻痹效果。

Burning Lung
肺病

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing one point of stamina damage and a chance to cause D3 points of energy damage.
可能造成 1 点耐力损伤的持续效果，并有机会对生物造成 D3 点的精力伤害。

Dungeon Fever
地城热

Lingering effect that has a chance of triggering the effects of any other disease.
可能触发其它疾病效果的持续效果。

Itching Groin
下体瘙痒

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing one point of agility damage and a chance to place a blind effect on the creature for D6 turns.
可能造成 1 点敏捷损伤的持续效果，并有机会对生物造成 D6 回合的盲眼。

Putrid Breath
腐烂气息

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing one point of charisma damage and a chance to place a silence effect on the creature for D6 turns.
可能造成 1 点魅力损伤的持续效果，并有机会对生物造成 D6 回合的沉默。

Swollen Joint
关节肿胀

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing one point of agility damage and a chance to place a confusion effect on the creature for D6 turns.
可能造成 1 点敏捷损伤的持续效果，并有机会对生物造成 D6 回合的混乱。

Rotting Flesh
肌肉腐烂

Lingering effect that has a chance of causing one point of charisma damage and a chance to place a sleep effect on the creature for D6 turns.
可能造成 1 点魅力损伤的持续效果，并有机会对生物造成 D6 回合的沉睡。

Enchants
附魔

Enchants have two different effects, one for weapons and one for armour. Some enchants have only one listed effect and it applies to both weapons and armour. Most weapons and pieces of armour can have only one enchant. Enchants may be replaced by new enchants but every time an enchanted item is enchanted again (by the player), there is a small chance that the item will break.
附魔有两种不同的效果，一种针对武器，另一种针对护甲。有些附魔只有一种效果，它同时针对武器和护甲。大多数武器和护甲只能有一个附魔。在通过重新对物品附魔（由玩家发起）覆盖新的效果时，有一个很小的机会导致物品损毁。

Resistance enchants placed on armour increase resistance against regular hits. Resistance enchants placed on helmets increase resistance critical hits. Resistance enchants placed on shields, amulets, and rings, increase resistance against regular and critical hits.
对盔甲进行抗性附魔会增加常规打击的抗性。对头盔进行抗性附魔会增加致命打击的抗性。对盾牌，项链，戒指的抗性附魔同时增加针对常规打击和致命打击的抗性。

Weapon enchants with a chance component have a 1/3 chance (D6 roll of 5 or 6) of the effect taking place.
武器上的概率效果有 1/3 的机会（D6 投出 5 或 6）让效果生效。

Mark of Agility
敏捷印记

Increases agility by 1.
增加一点敏捷。

Mark of Charisma
魅力印记

Increases charisma by 1.
增加一点魅力。

Mark of Stamina
耐力印记

Increases stamina by 1.
增加一点耐力。

Mark of Strength
力量印记

Increases strength by 1.
增加一点力量。

Seal of Blinding
盲眼密印

Provides a chance of blinding the target for D6 turns on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against blinding effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会致盲目标 D6 回合；附加在护甲上时获得免疫盲眼的效果。

Seal of Charming
魅惑密印

Provides a chance of charming the target for D6 turns on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against charming effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会魅惑目标 D6 回合；附加在护甲上时获得免疫魅惑的效果。

Seal of Confusion
混乱密印

Provides a chance of confusing the target for D6 turns on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against confusing effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会混乱目标 D6 回合；附加在护甲上时获得免疫混乱的效果。


Seal of Deafening
聋耳密印

Provides a chance of deafening the target for D6 turns on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against deafening effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会致聋目标 D6 回合；附加在护甲上时获得免疫聋耳的效果。


Seal of Draining
噬精密印

Drains 1 point of energy on a damaging hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against energy draining effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会在造成伤害时吸取一点精力；附加在护甲上时获得免疫噬精的效果。

Seal of Knocking
击退密印

Knocks the target back on a damaging hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against knockback effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会在造成伤害时击退；附加在护甲上时获得免疫击退的效果。

Seal of Leeching
吸血密印

Drains D2 points of health on a damaging hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against health drain effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会在造成伤害时吸取 D2 点生命；附加在护甲上时获得免疫吸血的效果。

Seal of Morphing
变形密印

Provides a chance of polymorphing the target for D6 turns on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against polymorphing effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会变形目标 D6 回合；附加在护甲上时获得免疫变形的效果。

Seal of Paralysis
麻痹密印

Provides a chance of paralysing the target for D6 turns on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against paralysing effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会麻痹目标 D6 回合；附加在护甲上时获得免疫麻痹的效果。

Seal of Silencing
沉默密印

Provides a chance of silencing the target for D6 turns on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against silencing effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会沉默目标 D6 回合；附加在护甲上时获得免疫沉默的效果。

Seal of Sleeping
沉睡密印

Provides a chance of causing the target to fall asleep for D6 turns on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against sleep effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会让目标沉睡 D6 回合；附加在护甲上时获得免疫沉睡的效果。

Seal of Slowing
迟缓密印

Provides a chance of slowing the target for D6 turns on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against slow effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会让目标迟缓 D6 回合；附加在护甲上时获得免疫迟缓的效果。

Sigil of Curse
诅咒魔符

Provides a chance of bestowing Curse of Agony for 2D6 x 10 turns on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against curses when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会在击中目标时降下 2D6 x 10 回合的痛苦诅咒，附加在护甲上时获得免疫诅咒的效果。

Sigil of Disease
疾病魔符

Causes D6 points of disease damage on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants 1 point of disease resistance when placed on a ring or amulet or 2 points when placed on a piece of armour. The unresisted damage caused by this enchant has a chance to contract Dungeon Fever for (unresisted damage)D6 x 10 turns.
附加在武器上时，有机会造成 D6 点的疾病伤害，附加在戒指或项链上时获得一点疾病抗性，附加在护甲上时获得两点疾病抗性。这个附魔造成的未抵抗的伤害有机会造成地层热，持续 （未抵抗的伤害）D6 x 10 回合。

Sigil of Poison
毒害魔符

Causes D6 points of poison damage on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants 1 point of poison resistance when placed on a ring or amulet or 2 points when placed on a piece of armour. The unresisted damage caused by this enchant has a chance to contract Deadly poison for (unresisted damage)D6 x 10 turns.
附加在武器上时，有机会造成 D6 点的毒害伤害，附加在戒指或项链上时获得一点毒害抗性，附加在护甲上时获得两点毒害抗性。这个附魔造成的未抵抗的伤害有机会造成死亡之毒，持续 （未抵抗的伤害）D6 x 10 回合。

Sign of Fire
火焰之符

Causes D6 points of fire damage on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants 1 point of fire resistance when placed on a ring or amulet or 2 points when placed on a piece of armour. The unresisted damage caused by this enchant has a chance to set the target on fire for D6 turns, causing D3 points of fire damage per turn.
附加在武器上时，有机会造成 D6 点的火焰伤害，附加在戒指或项链上时获得一点火焰抗性，附加在护甲上时获得两点火焰抗性。这个附魔造成的未抵抗的伤害有机会燃烧 D6 回合，每个回合造成 D3 点火焰伤害。

Sign of Frost
冰霜之符

Causes D6 points of frost damage on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants 1 point of frost resistance when placed on a ring or amulet or 2 points when placed on a piece of armour. The unresisted damage caused by this enchant has a chance to chill the target for D6 turns.
附加在武器上时，有机会造成 D6 点的冰霜伤害，附加在戒指或项链上时获得一点冰霜抗性，附加在护甲上时获得两点冰霜抗性。这个附魔造成的未抵抗的伤害有机会冰冻目标 D6 回合。

Sign of Shock
震击之符

Causes D6 points of shock damage on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants 1 point of shock resistance when placed on a ring or amulet or 2 points when placed on a piece of armour. The unresisted damage caused by this enchant has a chance to shock the target to miss its turn.
附加在武器上时，有机会造成 D6 点的震击伤害，附加在戒指或项链上时获得一点震击抗性，附加在护甲上时获得两点震击抗性。这个附魔造成的未抵抗的伤害有机会震击目标使其失去回合。

Symbol of Death
死亡标记

Provides a 1/6 chance of instantly killing the target on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against instant death effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，在击中时有 1/6 的机会立刻杀死目标。附加在护甲上时获得免疫即死的效果。

Symbol of Fear
恐惧标记

Provides a chance of frightening the target for D6 turns on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants immunity against fear effects when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，有机会在击中目标时恐吓目标 D6 回合。附加在护甲上时获得免疫恐惧的效果。

Symbol of Life
生命标记

Increases health by 1 point for every third level starting from the 1st (4th, 7th, and so on).
从第一级开始每三级（第 4 ，第 7 ，以此类推）提升一点生命。

Symbol of Light
光明标记

Increases light radius by 1.
增加 1 光照半径。

Symbol of Luck
幸运标记

Increases critical success chance by 1 to a maximum of 5 and reduces critical failure chance by 1 to a minimum of 0.
将极端成功的机会增加 1 ，最高到 5 ；减少极端失败的机会 1 ，最小到 0 。

Symbol of Might
神力标记

Causes D3 points of physical damage on hit when placed on a weapon, and grants 1 point of physical resistance when placed on a ring or amulet or 2 points when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时，在击中目标时增加 D3 点物理伤害。附加在戒指或项链上时获得一点物理抗性，附加在护甲上时获得两点物理抗性。

Symbol of Power
威能标记

Increases direct spell damage by D3 when placed on a weapon, and increases direct spell healing by D3 when placed on a piece of armour.
附加在武器上时增加法术直接伤害 D3 ，附加在护甲上时，增加法术治疗效果 D3 。

Symbol of Vigor
活力标记

Increases energy by 1.
增加一点精力。

Runes
符石

Runes become available after you wish for more power. Runes are rare single use random drops that allow you to add third enchant to a blessed item with two existing enchants. Once the third enchant is added, any further enchants applied at the Wizard's Guild are random (there is no multiple choice option available).
当你许愿获得更多力量后，符石会出现在游戏中。符石非常稀有，它们随机掉落只能使用一次。它能对已经两次附魔的被祝福的物品进行第三次附魔。一旦第三次附魔被添加，在魔法师行会中再进行附魔都会变成随机的（不再有多个选择）。
 
Runes have matching names to the enchants above and they add the respective enchant on an item, e.g. Rune of Power adds Symbol of Power on an item.
符石有何上面附魔对应的名字，它们会给物品添加对应的附魔。例如，威能符石能给物品添加威能标记。

Legendary Effects
传奇效果

Legendary effects become available after you have unlocked runes and taken care of some swamp creatures. One legendary effect can be imbued on a legendary weapon when the weapon is equipped in the main hand and the imbuement conditions are met.
传奇效果会在你解锁了符石并对付了一些沼泽生物后出现在游戏中。传奇效果会在你装备一件传奇武器在主手中，并满足灌注条件时灌注到武器上。
 
The process of creating a legendary weapon starts by finding a Rune of the Imp.
打造一把传奇武器的过程始于找到一枚小恶魔符石。

Rune of the Imp
小恶魔符石

Gives legendary status to a weapon making it unbreakable and allows you to name the weapon. This will also repair all damage and make the weapon blessed. Note that existing unique and legendary weapons cannot be renamed but this can be used to remove existing legendary effect.
赋予一把武器传奇效果，使之坚不可摧，允许你对武器命名。这回修复所有的损坏，并祝福武器。注意，已经存在的独特和传奇武器不能重命名，但它可以用于移除已经存在的传奇效果。

After using the Rune of the Imp on a weapon and naming it, the weapon is ready to be imbued with a legendary effect. The process of imbuing each specific effect is a secret until you have completed them at least once before. Possible effects are listed below:
对武器使用小恶魔符石命名它之后，武器就可以接受传奇效果的灌注了。灌注每个特定效果的过程是保密的，完成一次后才会公开。可能的效果列在下面：

Cheesy Musk
奶酪面具

Cave bears are now automatically tamed when they try to attack
you.
现在洞熊在攻击你的时候自动被驯化。

Death Proof
死亡防护

Divine Shield is automatically cast if this effect is not on cooldown and damage taken would kill you.
只要这个效果不在冷却状态，当你将承受足以致死的伤害时，自动施放神圣之盾。

Flashlight
闪闪发光

Everyone who can see this weapon at the end of their own turn will be illuminated.
任何人只要看到这把武器，在他的回合最后就会发亮。

Hateful Aura
憎恶光环

33% of damage taken is copied to all nearby creatures and you are healed for half of the damage caused this way.
受到的伤害的 33% 会复制给所有附近的生物，而你会被治愈这种方式造成的伤害的一半。

Leap of Faith
信仰之跃

Jumping no longer requires energy and it always succeeds.
跳跃不再需要精力点，而且永远成功。

Misinvisicast
幻影迷踪

Miscasting always turns you invisible in addition to other effects.
施法失误在造成其它影响之外一定会将你隐身。

Nightshade
黑暗幽影

Poisons applied to weapons last forever and count as potent when
they are applied.
在武器上的淬毒永远生效，且视作强效。

Orbus Bomba
法球炸弹

Automatically casts Enlarge Orb at the end of your turn if you are
not already affected by it.
如果你没有施放 法术球增大 ，那么在你的回合结束的时候就自动施放它。

Zombie Dog
僵尸之狗

Woof comes back to life at the start of a new dungeon if it happens to be dead (reset dungeon in town).
如果汪汪死了，那么在每个新的地牢开始时会复活（在城镇中重置）。

Charms
饰品

Charms are items that affect you in some way while they are in your inventory. Charms cannot be blessed or cursed. Multiple copies of the same charm provide no additional benefits (they don't stack).
饰品是一种放在装备栏中就能对你造成某种影响的物品。饰品无法被祝福也不能被诅咒。多个相同的饰品不会提供额外的收益（它们无法叠加）。

Lucky Number Seven
在你对敌人造成物理伤害的同时撒出金币。注意，该饰品有可能在使用中损毁。

Fluffy Rabbit's Foot
毛毛兔的脚

Grants immunity against stun effects.
获得眩晕效果的免疫力。

Fragment of Volcanus
火山碎片

Doubles the effect of fire damage enchants on weapons.
加倍附魔在武器上的火焰伤害效果。

Fragment of Aquarius
宝瓶碎片

Doubles the effect of frost damage enchants on weapons.
加倍附魔在武器上的冰霜伤害效果。

Fragment of Aetherus
以太碎片

Doubles the effect of shock damage enchants on weapons.
加倍附魔在武器上的震击伤害效果。

Fragment of Terranus
地核碎片

Increases minimum and maximum block modifier by 1.
增加一点最小和最大格挡修正。

Eye of the Beholder
旁观之眼

You appear to be twice as far than you actually are (at least when calculating range modifiers).
你看起来在你实际所在之处的两倍远（至少在计算远程修正时）。

Crystal Tear of a Maiden
少女之泪

Increases max cast modifier of Celestial spells by 1.
将天使系法术的施法修正增加一点。

Misplaced Dragon Egg
错位龙蛋

Increases max cast modifier of Draconic spells by 1.
将龙系法术的施法修正增加一点。

Pulsating Daemon's Heart
恶魔之心

Increases max cast modifier of Infernal spells by 1.
将地狱系法术的施法修正增加一点。

Book of Fading Memories
遗忘之书

Every turn spent resting with this book makes you forget a random knowledge.
带着这本书每休息一个回合就会随机忘记一个知识。

Manuscript of Knowledge
知识原稿

All items are automatically identified when they are picked up.
所有的物品在拾起时就会被自动鉴定。

High Capacity Quiver
高容箭囊

Doubles the maximum stack size of bolts and arrows.
把箭囊的最大容量翻倍。

Third Leg of the Imp
小恶魔的第三条腿

Use this demonic appendage with a blessed ring to permanently bind the ring's power on it.
一个被祝福的戒指和它恶魔附体，可以永远的把该戒指的力量绑定在其上。

Stone of Arcane Power
奥术之石

Reduces the cooldown of Arcane spells by 50%.
将奥术的冷却时间减少一半。

Star Spangled Cap
闪耀之帽

Sadly, all this cap does is that it enrages demonrats when they see a person carrying one.
可悲的是，这顶帽子唯一能做的就是让戴着它的人激怒魔鼠。

Glove of Liberalism
自由手套

Increases physical damage by 50% against daemons.
针对恶魔增加 50% 物理伤害。

Wristband of Liberalism
自由护腕

Daemons must pass a mental check in order to attack you.
恶魔每次攻击你前必须通过一次精神检定。

Black Meistercard
黑色卡片

You can enchant items for free, at least until credits run out.
你可以免费附魔物品，直到你的信用耗尽。

Deadly Ghoul Tooth
食尸鬼之牙

You can say 'Molar Varghulis' for dramatic effect when you throw this at your enemy.
当你把这个扔向敌人的同时说出“凡人皆有一死”会有奇妙的效果。

Mad Torque Slingshot
狂力弹弓

Increases the maximum range of thrown rocks by 60% and converts their damage type to magical.
将投掷岩石的最大范围提升 60% ，并将伤害转换为魔法伤害。

Duelist's Wristbow
死士袖箭

Shoots a bolt back at the attacker when you parry an attack.
每次你招架一次攻击时，就向攻击者射出一支小箭。

Uberlyft's Lost Shoe
优步遗失的鞋

Travel button works in town now and it takes you back to where you left.
旅行按钮现在在城里也可以用了，它能把你带回你离开的地方。

Creepy Stone Face
恐怖石像

Allows you to see health bars on all visible creatures.
允许你看到所有可见生物的生命条。

Golden Chastity Key
金色贞洁钥匙

When you pick a locked chest, a critical success adds blessed loot in the chest.
当你去开一个锁上的箱子时，一次成功暴击会增加被祝福的拾取品。

Loose Weapon Chain
宽松的武器链

Grants immunity against disarm effects.
获得针对缴械效果的免疫力。

Time Dilation Device
时间膨胀装置

You can use this earring to make the game consider all turns as either even or odd.
你可以用这个耳环把游戏的所有回合都视为奇数或偶数。

Fishing Hook and Line
钓鱼套件

Water chasms can now be used to catch fish.
水峡谷现在可以用来钓鱼。

Fairy Jizzed Bull Horn
仙女摧残过的牛角

Allows apprentice wizards to learn and cast Bestial spells (learning also requires that you levitate).
允许巫师学徒学习和施放兽性法术（学习时需要浮空）。

Engraved Pyramidion
雕花金字塔

Allows apprentice wizards to learn and cast Abyssal spells (learning also requires black soul gems).
允许巫师学徒学习和施放深渊法术（学习时需要有黑色魂晶）。

Scrolls
卷轴

Scrolls are single use items that will cast a bound spell when used. A creature wishing to use a scroll must know how to read by having learned the Literacy: Common talent.
卷轴式一种一次性使用的物品，使用时会施放绑定在上面的法术。生物想使用卷轴必须先知道怎样阅读，即学习读写常识这个天赋。

Scrolls have a power level, or mastery modifier, that ranges from 0 to 5 and determines how powerful the scrolls' effects are. Regular scrolls have a mastery modifier of 0 or 1, adept's scrolls have a mastery modifier of 2 or 3, and master's scrolls have a mastery modifier of 4 or 5.
卷轴有一个威力等级，或者叫精通修正，其范围从 0 至 5 ，决定了卷轴的效果威力。普通卷轴的精通修正为 0 或 1 ，专家级卷轴的精通修正为 2 或 3 ，大师级卷轴的精通修正为 4 或 5 。

Some of the following scroll descriptions use X instead of (mastery modifier or 1, whichever is higher). For example, if an effect's duration is XD6 x 10 turns and the mastery modifier is 0, the effect lasts for 1D6 x 10 turns.
下列部分卷轴描述使用 X 替代精通修正和 1 之间较高的值。例如，如果效果的持续时间为 XD6 x 10 回合，精通修正为 0 ，那么最终效果会持续 1D6 x 10 回合。

Scroll of Aggravation
激怒卷轴

Aggravates all creatures in the current level.
激怒当前楼层的所有生物。

Scroll of Amnesia
健忘卷轴

Causes the caster to forget a random knowledge.
让施法者随机忘却一个知识。

Scroll of Animation
复活卷轴

Permanently turns a dead human into an undead familiar.
将一个死去的人类永久的变成一个亡灵伙伴。

Scroll of Banishment
放逐卷轴

Casts Banish Daemon on all daemons within line of sight (ignores level modifiers).
尝试驱逐视野中的所有恶魔（忽略级别修正）。

Scroll of Blessing
祝福卷轴

Removes all curse effects from the target creature, location, or an item.
移除目标生物，位置或物品上的所有诅咒效果。

Scroll of Darkness
黑暗卷轴

Blinds the caster for XD6 x 10 turns.
致盲施法者 XD6 x 10 回合。
	
Scroll of Detection
侦察卷轴

Reveals all hidden map objects to the caster.
对施法者揭示所有隐藏的地图物品。

Scroll of Dislocation
移位卷轴

Teleports the target creature to a random location.
把目标生物传送到一个随机位置。

Scroll of Dispel
驱散卷轴

Removes all magical effects from the target creature, location, or an item.
移除目标生物、位置或物品上的所有魔法效果。

Scroll of Enchanting
附魔卷轴

Enchants the targeted item in the caster's inventory with a random enchant.
对施法者物品栏中的一件物品附魔。

Scroll of Identify
鉴定卷轴

Identifies the targeted item in the caster's inventory.
鉴定施法者物品栏中的一件物品。

Scroll of Invisibility
隐形卷轴

Turns the target creature invisible for XD6 x 10 turns.
让目标生物隐形 XD6 x 10 回合。
	
Scroll of Knowledge
知识卷轴

Teaches the caster a random knowledge.
教会施法者一个随机的知识。

Scroll of Levitation
漂浮卷轴

Levitates the target creature for XD6 x 10 turns.
让目标生物浮空 XD6 x 10 回合。

Scroll of Light
光明卷轴

Turns on all light sources in the current level.
点亮当前楼层中的所有光源。

Scroll of Polymorph
变形卷轴

Polymorphs the target creature into a giant rat for XD6 turns.
把目标生物变形为一只巨鼠 XD6 回合。

Scroll of Recharging
充能卷轴

Adds X charges to the targeted wand in the caster's inventory.
对施法者物品栏中的一把魔杖充能 X 次。

Scroll of Summoning
召唤卷轴

Summons a daemon at the target location and enslaves it for (D6 + X) x 10 turns.
在目标位置召唤一个恶魔并奴役它 (D6 + X) x 10 回合。
	
Scroll of Teleport
传送卷轴

Teleports the caster to the target location within line of sight.
将施法者传送到视野中的指定位置。

Scroll of Turning
超度卷轴

Casts Turn Undead on all undeads within line of sight (ignores level modifiers).
尝试超度视野中的所有亡灵（忽略级别修正）。

Scroll of Boomshroom
爆炸菇卷轴

Causes the targeted mushroom patch to explode. May cause a chain reaction.
引爆目标处的蘑菇，有可能造成连锁反应。

Scroll of Cultivation
耕种卷轴

Springs up a number of mushroom patches over a large area.
在一大片区域上种下蘑菇。

Scroll of Disorder
混乱卷轴

Summons a snake pit and possibly some snakes around it.
召唤一个蛇坑，可能还会有一些蛇围绕着它。

Scroll of Distraction
干扰卷轴

Summons up to 6 mirror images and hides you in plain sight.
召唤最多 6 个镜像，让你凭空藏匿。

Scroll of Entangling
蛛网卷轴

Captures the target in a spider web and summons some spiders.
用蜘蛛网捕获目标，并召唤一些蜘蛛。

Scroll of First Aid
急救卷轴

Stops you from bleeding and applies a renewing touch effect.
给你止血并施加一个回复之触效果。

Scroll of Forestation
造林卷轴

Causes the targeted mushroom patch to spawn a treeman. May cause a chain reaction.
让目标蘑菇长成一个树人。可能产生连锁反应。

Scroll of Gimmiedat
空手入白刃卷轴

Disarms the target by equipping its main hand weapon in your empty thieving leprachaun hands.
将目标装备在主手的武器缴械到你的空手中。

Scroll of Soothing
抚慰卷轴

Soothes all beasts within line of sight.
抚慰视野中的所有野兽。

Scroll of Time Warp
时空卷轴

Cancels your current quest and returns you to town, allowing you to try it again later.
取消你当前的任务并返回城镇，允许你以后再此尝试。

Potions
药剂

Potions are single use items that can be drank or thrown and will either apply a new magic, poison, or disease effect, or removes one or more of these effects when used.
药剂师一种一次性使用的物品，它可以喝掉也可以扔出去。它能在使用时给目标附加一个新的魔法，毒害，或是疾病效果，也可能是移除一个或更多的效果。

Potions have a power level, or potency modifier, that ranges from 0 to 5 and determines how powerful the potion's effect is. Diluted potions have a potency modifier of 0 or 1, regular potions have a potency modifier of 2 or 3, and potent potions have a potency modifier of 4 or 5.
药剂有一个威力等级，或称为效能修正，其范围从 0 至 5 ，决定了药剂的效果威力。稀释的药剂的效能修正为 0 或 1 ，常规药剂的效能修正为 2 或 3 ，强效药剂的效能修正为 4 或 5 。

Some of the following potion descriptions use X instead of (potency modifier or 1, whichever is higher). For example, if an effect's duration is XD6 x 10 turns and the potency modifier is 3, the effect lasts for 3D6 x 10 turns. Potions that cause disease effects have disease power level of X / 2 rounding down.
下列部分药剂描述使用 X 替代效能修正和 1 之间较高的值。例如，如果效果的持续时间为 XD6 x 10 回合，效能修正为 3 ，那么最终效果会持续 3D6 x 10 回合。药剂导致的疾病威力等级为 X / 2 向下取整。

Poisons can be applied on the main hand weapon and it is done automatically if the owner knows the contents of the potion and uses it. The potency of them is potency / 2 rounding down.
药剂可以在主手武器上淬毒。只要拥有者知道药剂是什么，在使用药剂的时候就能自动完成。其威力等于效能 / 2 向下取整。

Poisons applied on weapons diminish in potency when the effects are applied on a target creature. Each application lowers the potency by 1. When the potency reaches 0 and the effect is applied again, the poison wears off.
武器上的淬毒威力会随着毒害侵蚀目标生物而减小。每次侵蚀会减少 1 点威力。当威力变为 0 后，再次侵蚀会让毒效消失。

Potion of Antidote
解毒药剂

Removes X poison and or disease effects.
移除 X 个毒害疾病效果。

Potion of Awareness
意识药剂

Teaches Keen Eye talent for X x 1000 turns.
教会锐利目光天赋 X x 1000 回合。

Potion of Blindness
致盲药剂

Applies a Blinding Poison effect for XD6 x 10 turns.
附上致盲之毒 XD6 x 10 回合。

Potion of Burning
燃烧药剂

Causes XD6 points of fire damage and sets the target on fire for D6 + X turns.
造成 XD6 点的火焰伤害，让目标燃烧 D6 + X 回合。

Potion of Charming
魅惑药剂

Applies a Charming Poison effect for XD6 x 10 turns.
附上魅惑之毒效果 XD6 x 10 回合。

Potion of Confusion
混乱药剂

Applies a Confusing Poison effect for XD6 x 10 turns.
附上混乱之毒效果 XD6 x 10 回合。

Potion of Deafness
致聋药剂

Applies a Deafening Poison effect for XD6 x 10 turns.
附上震聋之毒效果 XD6 x 10 回合。

Potion of Death
死亡药剂

Applies a Deadly Poison effect for XD6 x 10 turns.
附上死亡之毒效果 XD6 x 10 回合。

Potion of Draining
噬精药剂

Applies a Draining Poison effect for XD6 x 10 turns.
附上枯竭之毒效果 XD6 x 10 回合。

Potion of Energy
精力药剂

Restores X points of energy and applies a magical effect for XD6 x 10 turns that allows the creature to re-roll failed energy regeneration checks.
回复 X 点精力，并附加一个 XD6 x 10 回合的魔法效果，能让生物重掷精力回复检定。

Potion of Healing
治疗药剂

Restores XD6 points of health and 1 lost ability point and applies a magical effect for XD6 x 10 turns that allows the creature to re-roll failed health regeneration checks.
回复 XD6 点生命，并附加一个 XD6 x 10 回合的魔法效果，能让生物重掷生命回复检定。

Potion of Holy Water
神圣之水

Causes XD6 points of magic damage to daemons and undeads and has a chance to instantly kill them.
对恶魔和亡灵造成 XD6 点魔法伤害，并由机会立即杀死它们。

Potion of Insight
洞察药剂

Applies a magical effect for XD6 x 10 turns that allows the creature to identify items just by picking them up.
附上一个 XD6 x 10 回合的魔法效果，能让生物在拾取物品时立刻鉴定。

Potion of Leeching
吸血药剂

Applies a Leeching Poison effect for XD6 x 10 turns.
附上吸血之毒效果 XD6 x 10 回合。

Potion of Literacy
读写药剂

Teaches Literacy: Common talent for X x 1000 turns.
教会读写常识天赋 X x 1000 回合。

Potion of Paralysis
麻痹药剂

Applies a Paralytic Poison effect for XD6 x 10 turns.
附上麻痹之毒效果 XD6 x 10 回合。

Potion of Sickness
虚弱药剂

Applies Dungeon Fever and X other disease effects for XD6 x 10 turns (see Diseases).
附上地城热及 X 个其它疾病效果 XD6 x 10 回合（参见疾病）。

Potion of Silencing
沉默药剂

Applies a Silencing Poison effect for XD6 x 10 turns.
附上沉默之毒效果 XD6 x 10 回合。

Potion of Sleeping
沉睡药剂

Applies a Sleeping Poison effect for XD6 x 10 turns.
附上沉睡之毒效果 XD6 x 10 回合。

Potion of Slowness
迟缓药剂

Applies a Slowing Poison effect for XD6 x 10 turns.
附上迟缓之毒效果 XD6 x 10 回合。

Potion of Swiftness
加速药剂

Applies a haste effect for XD6 x 10 turns (see Speed Effects).
附上加速效果 XD6 x 10 回合（参见速度效果）。

Potion of Troll Blood
巨魔之血

Grants regeneration and makes the imbiber vulnerable to fire for XD6 x 10 turns.
获得再生能力，并弱火 XD6 x 10 回合。

Potion of Willpower
意志药剂

Teaches Strong Will talent for X x 1000 turns.
教会坚强意志天赋 X x 1000 回合。

Potion of Wolf Form
狼形药剂

Teaches Shapeshift: Wolf talent for X x 1000 turns.
教会变身：狼天赋 X x 1000 回合。

Potion of Strength
力量药剂

Increases strength by X for X x 360 turns.
增加力量 X 点持续 X x 360 回合。

Potion of Agility
敏捷药剂

Increases agility by X for X x 360 turns.
增加敏捷 X 点持续 X x 360 回合。

Potion of Stamina
耐力药剂

Increases stamina by X for X x 360 turns.
增加耐力 X 点持续 X x 360 回合。

Potion of Charisma
魅力药剂

Increases charisma by X for X x 360 turns.
增加魅力 X 点持续 X x 360 回合。

Potion of Clotting
凝血药剂

Stops bleeding and applies a Draining Poison for (5 - X) x 10 turns.
止血，附上枯竭之毒 (5 - X) x 10 回合。

Potion of Floating
漂浮药剂

Applies a levitation effect for XD6 x 10 turns.
附上浮空效果 XD6 x 10 回合。

Wands
魔杖

Wands are rechargeable items that will cast a bound spell when used. A creature wishing to use a wand must know how to read by having learned the Literacy: Common talent.
魔杖是一种可充能的物品，它在使用时能施放绑定的法术。生物想使用魔杖必须先知道怎样阅读，即学习读写常识这个天赋。

Wands can have up to 6 charges depending on the type of the wand. A wand that reaches 0 charges becomes depleted, or in case of a blessed wand, rolls a D6 and on a score of 5+ the wand receives D3 charges, and on any other score the wand loses its blessing and gains 1 charge.
魔杖最大充能数取决于魔杖类型，最多 6 发。当充能数为 0 时变成耗尽状态，但若是被祝福的魔杖，此时投出一个 D6 ，5+ 时魔杖会获得 D3 充能，其它数字则获得 1 次充能并失去祝福。

Wands have a power level, or mastery modifier, that ranges from 0 to 5 and determines how powerful the wands' effects are. Novice's wands have a mastery modifier of 0 or 1, adept's wands have a mastery modifier of 2 or 3, and master's wands have a mastery modifier of 4 or 5.
魔杖有一个威力等级，或称为精通修正。其范围从 0 至 5 ，决定了魔杖的效果威力。新手魔杖的精通修正为 0 或 1 ，专家魔杖的精通修正为 2 或 3 ，大师魔杖的精通修正为 4 或 5 。

Wand of Blizzard
暴雪魔杖

Shoots an amplified and enlarged Frozen Orb at the target location.
向目标地点发射一颗不断扩张和放大的冰球。

Wand of Burning
燃烧魔杖

Shoots a flaming stream at the target location hitting everyone on the path. Each creature caught inside the stream will be treated as if being hit by an amplified Flaming Orb.
向目标地点发射一条燃烧的热浪，对路径上的所有单位造成伤害。热浪中的每个生物都视同被加强火球击中。

Wand of Channeling
通导魔杖

Allows the caster to channel a known spell through the wand. A spell cast this way draws the required energy from the wand and the spell will always hit its target.
允许施法者通过魔杖通导一个已知的法术。用此种方式施放的法术从魔杖中获得所需精力，并一定命中目标。
	
Wand of Chilling
严寒魔杖

Shoots a frozen stream at the target location hitting everyone on the path. Each creature caught inside the stream will be treated as if being hit by an amplified Frozen Orb.
向目标地点发射一条冰冻的寒流，对路径上的所有单位造成伤害。寒流中的每个生物都视同被加强冰球击中。
	
Wand of Corruption
腐败魔杖

Creates a cloud of corruption at the target location. Each creature caught inside the cloud will be afflicted with a Curse of Agony for 2D6 x 10 turns.
在目标地点制造一团腐败之云，覆盖范围内的所有生物将被附上 2D6 x 10 回合的痛苦诅咒。
	
Wand of Crippling
毁灭魔杖

Shoots a crippling stream at the target location hitting everyone on the path. Each creature caught inside the stream will be affected by D3 random effects with a duration of 2D6 turns from the following list: blindness, confusion, deafness, paralysis, silence, sleep.
向目标地点发射一束毁灭之光，路径上的所有生物将被附加持续 2D6 回合的 D3 种以下效果：盲眼，混乱，聋耳，麻痹，沉默，沉睡。
	
Wand of Crushing
落石魔杖

Causes a boulder to fall from the ceiling at the target location. Any creature caught under the boulder must pass a reflex check or die instantly. This effect cannot be avoided in any other way except by passing the reflex check.
向目标地点从天花板落下巨石。巨石下的任何生物都必须通过一次反射检定，否则会立刻死亡。这个效果无法用任何其它方式回避。

Wand of Entrapment
诱捕魔杖

Creates a web explosion at the target location. Any creature caught within the explosion will be trapped in a spider web.
在目标地点张开大网，里面的任何生物都会陷入蛛网。

Wand of Excavation
挖掘魔杖

Creates a spiked pit at the target location, turns a wall into a boulder, or destroys a boulder.
在目标位置创造一个尖刺坑，或是将墙壁变为巨石，亦或是摧毁一个巨石。

Wand of Freezing
冰冻魔杖

Causes D6 + (STA / 2 rounded up) points of frost damage to the target creature. If the damage after resistances is one or more, the creature must pass a death check or be frozen solid and die instantly. The damage caused is used as a penalty modifier for the death check.
对目标生物造成 D6 +（耐力 / 2 向上取整）点的冰霜伤害。如果在除去抗性后的伤害还有一点或更多，生物必须通过一次死亡检定，否则会被立刻冻死。造成的伤害点被用于死亡检定的惩罚修正。

Wand of Infection
瘟疫魔杖

Shoots an amplified and enlarged Virulent Orb at the target location.
向目标地点发射一颗不断扩张和放大的瘟疫球。
	
Wand of Inferno
怒火魔杖

Shoots an amplified and enlarged Flaming Orb at the target location.
向目标地点发射一颗不断扩张和放大的火球。

Wand of Knocking
击退魔杖

Causes 2D6 points of physical damage to the target creature and knocks it back.
对目标生物造成 2D6 的物理伤害并击退它。
	
Wand of Maelstrom
漩涡魔杖

Creates a death vortex at the target location. Each creature caught inside the vortex must pass a death check or be sucked inside the vortex and die instantly.
在目标地点制造一个死亡旋涡，里面的生物必须通过一次死亡检定，否则会被吸入立刻死亡。
	
Wand of Melting
融化魔杖

Causes D6 + (STA / 2 rounded up) points of fire damage to the target creature. If the damage after resistances is one or more, the creature must pass a death check or be melted to a heap of fat and die instantly. The damage caused is used as a penalty modifier for the death check.
对目标生物造成 D6 +（耐力 / 2 向上取整）点的火焰伤害。如果在除去抗性后的伤害还有一点或更多，生物必须通过一次死亡检定，否则会被立刻融化为脂肪。造成的伤害点被用于死亡检定的惩罚修正。

Wand of Pollution
污染魔杖

Shoots an amplified and enlarged Venomous Orb at the target location.
向目标地点发射一颗不断扩张和放大的毒球。

Wand of Shifting
位移魔杖

Teleports the caster to the target location. If the target location is obstructed by another creature, the caster and the creature switch places between each other.
将施法者传送到目标地点。如果目标位置被另一个生物占据，则交换施法者和该生物的位置。
	
Wand of Shocking
震击魔杖

Shoots an electric stream at the target location hitting everyone on the path. Each creature caught inside the stream will be treated as if being hit by an amplified Electric Orb.
向目标地点发射一条的电流，电流中的每个生物都视同被加强电球击中。
	
Wand of Tempest
风暴魔杖

Shoots an amplified and enlarged Electric Orb at the target location.
向目标地点发射一颗不断扩张和放大的闪电球。

Wand of Wishing
许愿魔杖

Grants the caster a wish from a list of wishes that may be modified by knowledge. The wish will be granted but rarely in the way as one might expect.
让施法者许一个愿，愿望列表可能被知识修改。这个愿望将会实现，但很少会像人们所期望的那样。
	
Wand of Wonders
奇迹魔杖

Invokes a random wand effect at the target location.
对目标位置祈求一个随机的魔杖效果。

Wand of Zapping
电击魔杖

Causes D6 + (STA / 2 rounded up) points of shock damage to the target creature. If the damage after resistances is one or more, the creature must pass a death check or be reduced to a smoking pair of boots and die instantly. The damage caused is used as a penalty modifier for the death check.
对目标生物造成 D6 +（耐力 / 2 向上取整）点的震击伤害。如果在除去抗性后的伤害还有一点或更多，生物必须通过一次死亡检定，否则会被立刻只剩下冒烟的靴子。造成的伤害点被用于死亡检定的惩罚修正。

Wand of Baffling
唠叨魔杖

Shuffles the locations of all creatures within line of sight and confuses them for D3 + X turns.
打乱视线内所有生物的位置并使其混乱 D3 + X 回合。

Wand of Bloodletting
噬血魔杖

Applies a bleeding effect to the target creature for X x 30 turns.
对目标生物附上一个 X x 30 回合的流血效果。

Wand of Disarming
缴械魔杖

Disarms the target creature by dropping its main hand weapon on the floor.
缴械目标，让它的主手武器掉落在地板上。

Wand of Ensnaring
陷阱魔杖

Snares the target in a bear trap and summons X + 1 dire wolves.
将目标困在捕熊陷阱中同时召唤 X + 1 只凶狼。

Wand of Gobsmacking
震惊魔杖

Stuns a friend until you break the effect by swapping places.
让一个朋友持续眩晕，除非你和他交换位置。

Wand of Rituals
祭奠魔杖

Conjures a 3x3 sacrificial circle that is centered on the cursor.
以鼠标为中心召唤出一个 3*3 的圆形献祭魔法阵。

Wand of Scripting
抄写魔杖

Creates an average quality duplicate of a scroll.
以平均质量复制一个卷轴。

Wand of Torture
折磨魔杖

Causes MH / 3 + (MH / 10) * X points of magical damage to the target creature where MH is the target's maximum health. If the damage would kill the target it is reduced enough to keep the target alive.
对目标生物造成 MH / 3 + (MH / 10) * X 点魔法伤害，MH 是目标的最大生命值。如果该伤害足以杀死目标，则减少伤害保证目标存活。

Edibles
食用品

Food and water is required to manage hunger and thirst. Each edible item has a hunger regen value, thirst regen value, or both. When an edible item is consumed, these values are calculated and they increase the creature's hunger and thirst counters accordingly (see Hunger & Thirst).
食物和水用来维持饥饿条河干渴条。每种食用品都有一个饥饿回复量或干渴回复量。当消费掉食用品，这个量计算出来加到生物的饥饿或干渴计数器上（参见饥饿及干渴）。

Instead of having a chance of being blessed or cursed, edible items have a chance of being fresh or rotten.
食用品有机会是新鲜的或腐烂的，取代被祝福或被诅咒。

Fresh items set the hunger and thirst counters to the maximum values of the resulting hunger and thirst levels after adding the regen values to the counters (maximum gain for a counter is 359 points if counter % 360 is 0).
新鲜物品会在饥饿，干渴计数器加上对应值后，设为所处级别的最大值（如果计数器 % 360 是 0 ，计数器设为 359）。

Rotten items reduce the hunger and thirst regen values from the creature's hunger and thirst counters instead of adding them.
腐败的食物将减少饥饿条或干渴条对应的数值而非加上值。

Some food items can be infectious meaning that there is a chance to be infected with Bloody Flux disease when eating them. This can be avoided by cooking them on a camp fire (throw the item on the fire place).
有些食物会携带传染病，这意味着在吃下时有机会感染血瘟。可以通过在营火烹饪来避免（把食物投掷到火中）。

Meat
生肉

Hunger Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
Infectious
饥饿回复：360 + 2D6 x 10
传染病

Fried Meat
烤肉

Hunger Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
饥饿回复：360 + 2D6 x 10

Ribs
排骨

Hunger Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
Infectious
饥饿回复：360 + 2D6 x 10
传染病

Fried Ribs
烤排骨

Hunger Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
饥饿回复：360 + 2D6 x 10

Fish
鱼

Hunger Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
Infectious
饥饿回复：360 + 2D6 x 10
传染病

Fried Fish
烤鱼

Hunger Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
饥饿回复：360 + 2D6 x 10

Chicken
鸡肉

Hunger Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
Infectious
饥饿回复：360 + 2D6 x 10
传染病

Fried Chicken
炸鸡

Hunger Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
饥饿回复：360 + 2D6 x 10

Blood Cap
血蘑菇

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Poisonous
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10
传染病

Fried Cap
烤蘑菇

Hunger Regen: 120 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：120 + D6 x 10

Death Cap
毒蘑菇

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Good Game
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10
游戏愉快

Bread
面包

Hunger Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
饥饿回复：360 + 2D6 x 10

Cheese
奶酪

Hunger Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
饥饿回复：360 + 2D6 x 10

Egg
鸡蛋

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Poisonous
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10
传染病

Fried Egg
烤蛋

Hunger Regen: 120 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：120 + D6 x 10

Apple
苹果

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Carrot
胡萝卜

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Pear
梨子

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Tomato
番茄

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Plum
李子

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Root
树根

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Infectious (not cookable)
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10
传染病（无法烹饪）

Berries
浆果

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Cherries
樱桃

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Grapes
葡萄

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Cabbage
卷心菜

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Potato
土豆

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Acorn
橡子

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Infectious (not cookable)
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10
传染病（无法烹饪）

Grass
草

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Cures Bleeding, Infectious (not cookable)
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10
治疗流血，传染病（无法烹饪）

Garlic
大蒜

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Onion
洋葱

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Lemon
柠檬

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Pepper
胡椒

Hunger Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 60 + D6 x 10
饥饿回复：60 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：60 + D6 x 10

Food Ration
干粮

Hunger Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
Max Number of Uses: 4
饥饿回复：360 + 2D6 x 10
最大使用次数：4

Water Flask
水袋

Thirst Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
Max Number of Uses: 4
干渴回复：360 + 2D6 x 10
最大使用次数：4

Dousing a Fire
灭火

Water flasks can be used to douse you when you have been set on fire. The whole flask will be used when trying to douse yourself and it is not guaranteed to always work. Some fires are just too powerful to put out completely but the fire will always weaken.
水袋可以被用来在你燃烧时浇灭火焰。用于灭火时，整个水袋都会被用掉，但并不保证一定成功。有些火焰威力很强无法完全扑灭，但总是能削弱火焰。

Alcoholic Beverages
酒精饮料

Alcoholic beverages are powerful enough to keep the drunk driver of a horse carriage alive while everyone else onboard dies during a crash. Therefore alcoholic beverages apply a Divine Shield with a duration equal to their hunger regen value.
酒精饮料的威力足以让一辆马车的醉酒司机继续活着，而车上的其他人都在车祸中丧生。因此，酒精饮料会附上一个神圣之盾，其持续时间等于它们的饥饿回复值。

Beer Tankard
啤酒杯

Hunger Regen: 120 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
Max Number of Uses: 2
Alcoholic
饥饿回复：120 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：360 + 2D6 x 10
最大使用次数：2
酒精

Mead Bottle
蜂蜜酒瓶

Hunger Regen: 120 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
Max Number of Uses: 2
Alcoholic
饥饿回复：120 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：360 + 2D6 x 10
最大使用次数：2
酒精

Cider Bottle
苹果酒瓶

Hunger Regen: 120 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
Max Number of Uses: 2
Alcoholic
饥饿回复：120 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：360 + 2D6 x 10
最大使用次数：2
酒精

Wine Bottle
葡萄酒瓶

Hunger Regen: 120 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
Max Number of Uses: 2
Alcoholic
饥饿回复：120 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：360 + 2D6 x 10
最大使用次数：2
酒精

Booze Bottle
酒瓶

Hunger Regen: 120 + D6 x 10
Max Number of Uses: 4
Alcoholic
饥饿回复：120 + D6 x 10
最大使用次数：4
酒精

Milk Jar
牛奶壶

Hunger Regen: 120 + D6 x 10
Thirst Regen: 360 + 2D6 x 10
Cures Bloody Flux
饥饿回复：120 + D6 x 10
干渴回复：360 + 2D6 x 10
治疗血瘟

Amulets
项链

Some amulets teach the wearer a spell that can be cast by using the amulet as an energy source. This will, however, trigger a cooldown on the amulet that prevents the spell from being cast again until the cooldown reaches 0. In addition to casting a spell, an amulet with the qualities mentioned above will trigger a 30 turn cooldown when it is equipped, unless it is on a longer cooldown already. Note that an amulet on a cooldown must be worn in order for the cooldown to reach 0 (the amulet drains energy from the wearer or something...).
一些项链会教会佩戴者一个法术，法术的施放以项链为能量源。这样施放法术会触发项链的冷却状态，直到冷却值减到 0 项链才能继续使用。除了施法外，具有上述属性的项链在装备后还会触发 30 回合的冷却时间，或是它本身已有更长的冷却时间。注意，项链必须在佩戴时冷却才会下降到 0 （项链在佩戴时才能从佩戴者处获得能量……）。

Blessed amulets can have up to two different enchants on them instead of one. Some blessed amulets can have additional benefits such as stronger bonuses or more powerful spell effects than they would normally have.
被祝福的项链可以有两个附魔而不是一个。一些被祝福的项链有更多的效益，比如更强的增益，比普通版更强大的法术效果。

Cursed amulets that teach a spell always result to a miscast when the spell is cast. Otherwise cursed amulets have no additional harmful effects besides the usual penalties.
被诅咒的项链教会的法术总是施法失败。除此之外，被诅咒的项链没有常规惩罚之外的有害效果。

Amulet of Abjuration
结界项链

Teaches the wearer how to cast Divine Shield that absorbs 5D6 points of damage and lasts for 5D6 x 10 turns or until the shield breaks. Divine Shield has a 180 turn cooldown and it may not be cast again during the cooldown.
教会你施放神圣之盾，它能吸收 5D6 点伤害，持续 5D6 x 10 回合直到盾破损。神圣之盾有 180 回合冷却时间，在冷却时无法施放。

Amulet of Asphyxia
窒息项链

Causes 1 point of damage per turn when equipped. Amulet of Asphyxia will become magically bound on equip and cannot be unequipped (see Cursed Items).
佩戴上后每回合造成一点伤害。窒息项链一旦佩戴就会魔法绑定无法取下来（参见诅咒物品）。


Amulet of Conjuration
驱魔项链

Teaches the wearer how to cast Conjure Daemon (see Scroll of Summoning). Conjure Daemon has a 180 turn cooldown and it may not be cast again during the cooldown.
教会佩戴者释放召唤恶魔（参见召唤卷轴）。驱魔项链有 180 回合冷却时间，在冷却时无法施放。
	
Amulet of Divination
占卜项链

Teaches the wearer how to cast Identify Item (see Scroll of Identify). Identify Item has a 60 turn cooldown and it may not be cast again during the cooldown.
教会佩戴者释放物品鉴定（参见鉴定卷轴）。占卜项链有 180 回合冷却时间，在冷却时无法施放。

Amulet of Enchantment
附魔项链

Teaches the wearer how to cast Enchant Item (see Scroll of Enchanting). Enchant Item has a 180 turn cooldown and it may not be cast again during the cooldown.
教会佩戴者释放物品附魔（参见附魔卷轴）。附魔项链有 180 回合冷却时间，在冷却时无法施放。

Amulet of Evocation
降灵项链

Teaches the wearer how to cast Elemental Orb that counts as an enlarged Flaming, Frozen and Electric Orb but it does not gain the extra damage for being enlarged and its damage modifier is (STA / 2 rounding up). The damage modifier is capped to 3 unless the amulet is blessed in which case it is always 5. Elemental Orb has a 120 turn cooldown and it may not be cast again during the cooldown.
教会佩戴者释放元素球，它视作一个增大的火焰，冰霜，雷电球，但不会获得增大带来的额外伤害。它的伤害修正为（耐力 / 2 向上取整）。如果项链没有被祝福，那么伤害修正截取到 3 ，祝福过的永远为 5 。元素球有 120 回合冷却时间，在冷却时无法施放。

Amulet of Exhaustion
枯竭项链

Causes one point of energy damage to the wearer on a D6 roll of 1, 2, and 3. Amulet of Exhaustion will become magically bound on equip and cannot be unequipped (see Cursed Items).
每回合投出 D6 ，当值为 1 2 3 时对佩戴者造成一点精力伤害。枯竭项链一旦佩戴就会魔法绑定无法取下来（参见诅咒物品）。

Amulet of Fire Ward
防火项链

Increases fire resistance by 5 and grants immunity against fire effects.
增加 5 点火焰抗性，并获得火焰效果免疫。

Amulet of Free Action
自由项链

Grants a haste effect and immunity against slow effects.
获得加速效果，并免疫迟缓效果。

Amulet of Frost Ward
防冰项链

Increases frost resistance by 5 and grants immunity against frost effects.
增加 5 点冰霜抗性，并获得冰霜效果免疫。

Amulet of Ghost Form
幽灵项链

Turns the wearer ethereal. Ethereal creatures ignore one half of physical, poison and disease damage but suffer double damage from magical, fire, frost and shock spells. Enchanted weapons work normally against ethereal creatures.
将佩戴者虚灵化。虚灵化的生物忽略一半的物理，毒害，疾病伤害，但加倍魔法，火焰，冰霜，震击伤害。武器上的附魔对虚灵化生物效果正常。

Amulet of Illusion
幻影项链

Teaches the wearer how to cast Clone Creature that creates a clone of the target creature that aids the caster for 5D6 x 10 turns. Clone Creature has a 180 turn cooldown and it may not be cast again during the cooldown.
教会佩戴者施放克隆生物，这能创造目标生物的一个克隆体，它会协助施法者 5D6 x 10 回合。克隆生物有 180 回合冷却时间，在冷却时无法施放。

Amulet of Necromancy
死灵项链

Teaches the wearer how to cast Animate Dead (see Scroll of Animation). Animate Dead has a 180 turn cooldown and it may not be cast again during the cooldown.
教会佩戴者施放亡灵复生（参见复活卷轴）。亡灵复生有 180 回合冷却时间，在冷却时无法施放。

Amulet of Nine Lives
九命项链

Restores the wearer to half or full health upon death on a D6 roll of 5 or 6.
在佩戴者面对死亡时投出一个 D6 ，5 或 6 的话回复一半或全部生命。

Amulet of Pestilence
鼠疫项链

Summons a giant rat on a D6 roll of a 1. Amulet of Pestilence will become magically bound on equip and cannot be unequipped (see Cursed Items).
投出 D6 ，如果投出 1 的话召唤一只巨鼠。鼠疫项链一旦佩戴就会魔法绑定无法取下来（参见诅咒物品）。

Amulet of Protection
防护项链

Increases all resistances by 1 and grants immunity against stun effects.
增加所有抗性一点，获得眩晕效果的免疫。

Amulet of Reflection
反射项链

Reflects half or full weapon and orb spell damage back at the attacker on a D6 roll of 5 or 6.
投出 D6 ，5 或 6 的时候将武器或法球伤害的一半或全部反弹回攻击者。

Amulet of Seven Keys
密钥项链

Allows the wearer to automatically pick locks and moving no longer breaks stealth (while the wearer is hidden, any normal move to an empty space is a free Silent Move that always succeeds).
允许佩戴者自动开锁，且移动不再打断潜行（在佩戴者隐身时，任何向空位的普通移动都视为一次免费的潜行且一定成功）。

Amulet of Shock Ward
防震项链

Increases shock resistance by 5 and grants immunity against shock effects.
增加 5 点震击抗性，并获得震击效果免疫。

Amulet of Stone Form
石化项链

Paralyses the wearer for D6 turns, or instantly kills if already paralysed, on a 2D6 roll of 2. Amulet of Stone Form will become magically bound on equip and cannot be unequipped (see Cursed Items).
投出 2D6 ，如果投出 2 的话麻痹佩戴者 D6 回合，如果已经麻痹直接至死。石化项链一旦佩戴就会魔法绑定无法取下来（参见诅咒物品）。

Amulet of Transmutation
点金项链

Teaches the wearer how to cast Transmute Item that converts the targeted item in the caster's inventory into gold coins. Transmute Item has a 60 turn cooldown and it may not be cast again during the cooldown.
教会佩戴者施放物品炼金，这能将施法者装备栏中的物品转化为金币。物品炼金有 60 回合冷却时间，在冷却时无法施放。

Amulet of Yendor
炎达项链

Adorable piece of jewelry, contains no magical powers though.
可爱的首饰，然而没有魔法效果。

Amulet of Battlemage
战法项链

Ignores negative effects to spellcasting while wearing armour and or shield.
穿盔甲或盾牌时忽略它们对施法的负面影响。

Amulet of Domination
控制项链

Every point of damage you cause has a 17% chance to charm the target for 1 turn.
你造成的每点伤害都有 17% 的机会魅惑目标一个回合。

Amulet of Geomancy
风水项链

Teaches the wearer how to cast Alter Terrain.
教会佩戴者施放地表变形。

Amulet of Radiance
辐射项链

Gives you an aura with a radius of 1. Auras also make you immune to their effects.
给你一个半径为 1 的光环。同时能让你免疫光环效果。

Amulet of Sacrifice
献祭项链

This must be equipped in order to sacrifice something using a sacrificial circle and a ritual.
在使用献祭圈进行献祭仪式时必须佩戴它。

Amulet of Submission
投降项链

Every point of damage you receive has a 17% chance to charm you for 1 turn. This amulet is magically bound on equip and cannot be unequipped.
你受到的每一点伤害都有 17% 的机会被魅惑。这个项链会魔法绑定无法取下来。

Amulet of Uberlyft
优步项链

Travel button now works after clearing 50% of the current level.
旅行按钮现在在清空 50% 的楼层后就可以使用。

Amulet of Wizardry
巫术项链

Teaches the wearer how to cast Arcane Missile.
教会佩戴者施放奥术飞弹。

Rings
戒指

Rings that say their effects don't stack, mean that their effects don't stack with effects from similar rings, but will stack with similar effects from other sources. Re-rolls, however, never stack regardless of the source.
戒指的效果无法叠加，这意味着你无法从相似的戒指中获得叠加效果，不过类似的效果可以从别的来源叠加。然而重置永远不会叠加，无论来源是什么。

Blessed rings can have up to two different enchants on them instead of one. Some blessed rings can have additional benefits such as stronger bonuses or weaker penalties than they would normally have.
被祝福的戒指可以有两个附魔而不是一个。一些被祝福的戒指有额外的效果，比如更强的增益，比常规版本更少的惩罚。

Cursed rings have no additional harmful effects besides the usual penalties.
如果戒指被诅咒，除了常规惩罚外，没有额外的有害效果。

Ring of Accuracy
精准之戒

Allows the wearer to re-roll misses with ranged and thrown weapons.
允许佩戴者在远程武器和投掷武器射失时重掷命中骰。

Ring of Adornment
装饰之戒

Looks impressive but contains no magical powers.
看起来令人印象深刻，但没有魔法力量。

Ring of Brutality
凶残之戒

Allows the wearer to re-roll misses with melee weapons.
允许佩戴者在近战武器击空后重掷命中骰。

Ring of Clarity
清澈之戒

Grants immunity against blind, deafen and silence effects.
获得对盲眼，耳聋，沉默效果的免疫力。

Ring of Control
控制之戒

Grants immunity against charm, confuse and paralyse effects.
获得对魅惑，混乱，麻痹效果的免疫力。

Ring of Deflection
偏斜之戒

Increases maximum parry modifier by 1 and doubles the base parry modifier. This effect does not stack.
加倍佩戴者的招架修正。这个效果无法叠加。

Ring of Elements
元素之戒

Increases fire, frost and shock resistances by 1, and grants immunity against fire, frost and shock effects.
获得对火焰，冰霜，震击效果的免疫力。

Ring of Evasion
闪避之戒

Increases maximum block, dodge and parry modifiers by 1, and either block, dodge or parry modifier by 1. This effect does not stack.
将格挡，闪避或招架修正之一加 1 。这个效果无法叠加。

Ring of Familiar
密友之戒

Summons and controls a whelp when equipped. This ring is destroyed if the whelp dies.
装备时召唤并控制一只幼龙。当幼龙死亡时，戒指也会同时摧毁。

Ring of Fortitude
刚毅之戒

Increases health by 1 point for every third level starting from the 1st (4th, 7th, and so on), and grants immunity against sleep and fear effects.
从一级开始每三级（第四级，第七级，以此类推）获得一点生命获得对沉睡和恐惧效果的免疫力。
	
Ring of Freedom
自由之戒

Grants immunity against slow, knockback and polymorph effects.
获得对迟缓，击退，变形效果的免疫力。

Ring of Grease
油腻之戒

Forces the wearer to drop the equipped melee weapon or shield on a D6 roll of 1 when attacking, blocking or parrying an attack. In addition, Ring of Grease forces the wearer to re-roll successful ranged to-hit rolls. This ring will become magically bound on equip and cannot be unequipped.
强制佩戴者在攻击，格挡或招架攻击后投出 D6 ，投出 1 的话扔下近战武器或盾牌。另外，油腻之戒会强制佩戴者在远程命中后重掷命中骰。这枚戒指一带佩戴就魔法绑定无法取下。
	
Ring of Haste
迅捷之戒

Grants a haste effect at the expense of doubling the food and water consumption rates.
获得一个加速效果，但食物和水的消耗速度加倍。

Ring of Hunger
饥饿之戒

Triples food consumption rate. This ring will become magically bound on equip and cannot be unequipped.
三倍食物消耗速度。这枚戒指一带佩戴就魔法绑定无法取下。

Ring of Immunity
免疫之戒

Increases poison and disease resistances by 1, and grants immunity against poison, disease and curse effects.
增加毒害，疾病抗性一点，获得对毒害，疾病和诅咒效果的免疫力。

Ring of Outcasts
放逐之戒

May contain up to three different armour enchants instead of one.
可以附魔三次而不是一次。

Ring of Regeneration
再生之戒

Regenerates one health (plus base stamina modifier divided by two rounding down) per turn and allows the wearer to re-roll failed energy regeneration checks. This ring causes its wearer to become vulnerable to fire.
每个回合回复一点生命（加上耐力修正除二向下取整），允许佩戴者在精力回复检定失败后重掷，同时会使他弱火。

Ring of Resilience
韧性之戒

Grants immunity against leech, drain and instant kill effects.
获得对吸血，噬精和即死效果的免疫力。

Ring of Scholars
博学之戒

Automatically identifies scrolls and tomes when they are picked up.
在拾取卷轴和典籍的同时鉴定它们。

Ring of Searching
探索之戒

Grants a free action that automatically searches the surroundings each turn when taking a move or rest action, and allows the wielder to re-roll failed search checks. This effect does not stack.
获得一次免费的搜索行动，同时允许佩戴者在搜索检定失败后重掷。这个效果无法叠加。

Ring of Sustenance
维生之戒

Ignores food and water consumption on either even or odd game turns, depending on the hand the ring is equipped on.
在奇数或偶数回合忽略食物和水的消耗，奇偶取决于装在那只手上。

Ring of Thirst
干渴之戒

Triples water consumption rate. This ring will become magically bound on equip and cannot be unequipped.
三倍水消耗速度。这枚戒指一带佩戴就魔法绑定无法取下。

Ring of Anxiety
焦虑之戒

Makes you vulnerable to all damage. This ring is magically bound on equip and cannot be unequipped.
使你更容易受任何性质的伤害。这枚戒指一带佩戴就魔法绑定无法取下。

Ring of Bloodlust
杀戮之戒

Heals you for 20% of the physical weapon damage you cause.
治疗你相当于 20% 你造成的物理伤害。

Ring of Conversion
转化之戒

Converts all weapon damage you receive into physical damage and reduces it by 10%.
把所有你受到的伤害减少 10% 并转换为物理伤害。

Ring of Cracking
裂解之戒

Increases physical damage by 20% with melee and ranged weapons.
近战和远程武器的物理伤害增加 20% 。

Ring of Noobery
愚笨之戒

Halves experience gained. This effect does not stack.
获得的经验减半。这个效果无法叠加。

Ring of Shadows
暗影之戒

Hides you in plain sight when you take damage.
在你受到伤害时将你凭空藏匿。

Ring of Shielding
护盾之戒

Each point of energy counts as 3 points of health. This effect does not stack.
每点精力计为三点生命。这个效果无法叠加。

Ring of Underdog
弱势之戒

Increases all resistances by up to 5, the lower your health.
最多增加所有的抗性五点，生命越低增加越多。

Armours
护甲

Armour reduces physical damage taken by a number equal to the physical resistance value of the armour. Note that body armour only protects against normal hits and helmets only protect against critical hits.
护甲能减少一定数值的物理伤害，这个值等于护甲的物理抗性。注意，身体护甲只能保护普通攻击，而头盔只能保护致命一击。

Armour makes it harder to dodge an attack by limiting the wearer's agility bonus modifier. This 'dodge modifier' normally ranges from +1 to +5 but wearing almost any kind of armour may cap it to a lower level than the wearer's dodge modifier is.
护甲通过限制穿戴者敏捷增益修正，让闪避攻击变得困难。这个“闪避修正”通常范围从 +1 到 +5 ，不过大多数特定类型的护甲会将这个值截断为低于穿戴者原本的闪避修正的一个值。
 
Armour also interferes spellcasting by causing excess strain and affects the wearer's stamina bonus modifier which is used to cast many offensive spells. This 'cast modifier' normally ranges from +1 to +5, but wearing armour may cap it to a lower level than the wearer's cast modifier is.
护甲因为会让穿戴者过度紧张而干涉法术施放，它影响了穿戴者用于施放攻击法术的耐力增益修正。这个“施法修正”通常范围从 +1 到 +5 ，不过穿戴护甲会将这个值截断为低于穿戴者原本的施法修正的一个值。
 
Wearing heavy armour makes it harder to perform certain actions. Weight modifier is a penalty which is applied to Climb, Jump, Sneak and Swim checks.
穿戴重甲会使施展特定动作变得困难。重量修正对攀爬，跳跃，潜行，游泳检定是一个惩罚。
 
When an attack causes physical damage the armour itself can be damaged and has to take a durability check to see if it can shrug off the damage or be damaged (or broken if it was already damaged). Armour durability check uses the following formula:
当攻击者造成物理伤害时护甲本身也可能损坏，这时会进行一次耐久检定，判定是否会损坏（如果已经损坏则会损毁）。护甲的耐久检定使用以下公式：
 
2D6 > 2 + Critical Failure Modifier
2D6 > 2 + 致命失败修正

Padded Armour
棉甲

Physical Resistance: 1
Chromatic Resistance: 1
Max Dodge Modifier: +4
Max Cast Modifier: +4
物理抗性：1
法术抗性：1
最大闪避修正：+4
最大施法修正：+4

Leather Armour
皮甲

Physical Resistance: 2
Chromatic Resistance: 1
Max Dodge Modifier: +3
Max Cast Modifier: +3
物理抗性：2
法术抗性：1
最大闪避修正：+3
最大施法修正：+3


Studded Armour
札甲

Physical Resistance: 3
Chromatic Resistance: 2
Max Dodge Modifier: +2
Max Cast Modifier: +2
Weight Modifier: -1
物理抗性：3
法术抗性：2
最大闪避修正：+2
最大施法修正：+2
重量修正：-1

Chain Armour
链甲

Physical Resistance: 4
Chromatic Resistance: 2
Max Dodge Modifier: +1
Max Cast Modifier: +1
Weight Modifier: -2
物理抗性：4
法术抗性：2
最大闪避修正：+1
最大施法修正：+1
重量修正：-2

Plate Armour
板甲

Physical Resistance: 5
Chromatic Resistance: 2
Max Dodge Modifier: 0
Max Cast Modifier: 0
Weight Modifier: -3
物理抗性：5
法术抗性：2
最大闪避修正：0
最大施法修正：0
重量修正：-3

Robes
长袍

Physical Resistance: 0
Chromatic Resistance: 1
Max Dodge Modifier: 4
Max Cast Modifier: 5
物理抗性：0
法术抗性：1
最大闪避修正：4
最大施法修正：5

Fine Armours
精美护甲

Fine quality armours increase max dodge modifier by 1.
精美质量的护甲增加最大闪避修正一点。

Helmets
头盔

Helmets reduce physical damage taken by a number equal to the physical resistance value of a worm helmet. Note that helmets only protect against critical hits and body armour only protects against normal hits.
头盔能减少一定数值的物理伤害，这个值等于头盔的物理抗性。注意，头盔只能保护致命一击，而身体护甲只能保护普通攻击。

Helmets that cover the skull and the face halve the confusion duration of critical hits (rounding down). Helmets also halve the duration of stun effects (rounding down to a minimum of 1).
保护住头骨和面部的头盔能当致命一击造成的混乱持续时间减半（向下取整）。头盔还能减半眩晕效果的持续时间（向下取整最小为 1）。

Helmet makes it harder to dodge an attack by limiting the wearer's agility bonus modifier. This 'dodge modifier' normally ranges from +1 to +5 but wearing almost any kind of helmet may cap it to a lower level than the wearer's dodge modifier is. 
头盔通过限制穿戴者的敏捷增益修正来让闪避攻击变得困难。这个“闪避修正”通常范围从 +1 到 +5 ，但是穿戴多数类型的头盔会截断到一个比闪避修正更小的值。
 
Helmets also interfere spellcasting by concealing the identity and affecting the wearer's charisma bonus modifier which is used to cast many restorative spells. This 'cast modifier' normally ranges from +1 to +5, but wearing a helmet may cap it to a lower level than the wearer's cast modifier is.
头盔还会因为隐藏了身份而影响施法，这会对使用穿戴者魅力增益修正来释放的多数回复系法术。这个“施法修正”通常范围从 +1 到 +5 ，但是穿戴头盔会截断到一个比施法修正更小的值。
 
When an attack causes physical damage the helmet itself can be damaged and has to take a durability check to see if it can shrug off the damage or be damaged (or broken if it was already damaged). Helmet durability check uses the following formula:
当攻击者造成物理伤害时头盔本身也可能损坏，这时会进行一次耐久检定，判定是否会损坏（如果已经损坏则会损毁）。护甲的耐久检定使用以下公式：

2D6 > 2 + Critical Failure Modifier
2D6 > 2 + 致命失败修正

Padded Cap
棉帽

Physical Resistance: 1
Chromatic Resistance: 1
Max Dodge Modifier: +4
Max Cast Modifier: +4
物理抗性：1
法术抗性：1
最大闪避修正：+4
最大施法修正：+4

Leather Cap
皮帽

Physical Resistance: 1
Chromatic Resistance: 1
Max Dodge Modifier: +4
Max Cast Modifier: +4
物理抗性：1
法术抗性：1
最大闪避修正：+4
最大施法修正：+4

Studded Cap
札帽

Physical Resistance: 2
Chromatic Resistance: 1
Max Dodge Modifier: +3
Max Cast Modifier: +3
物理抗性：2
法术抗性：1
最大闪避修正：+3
最大施法修正：+3

Plate Cap
板帽

Physical Resistance: 3
Chromatic Resistance: 1
Max Dodge Modifier: +2
Max Cast Modifier: +3
物理抗性：3
法术抗性：1
最大闪避修正：+2
最大施法修正：+3

Leather Helm
皮盔

Physical Resistance: 2
Chromatic Resistance: 1
Max Dodge Modifier: +3
Max Cast Modifier: +2
物理抗性：2
法术抗性：1
最大闪避修正：+3
最大施法修正：+2

Studded Helm
札盔

Physical Resistance: 3
Chromatic Resistance: 2
Max Dodge Modifier: +2
Max Cast Modifier: +2
物理抗性：3
法术抗性：2
最大闪避修正：+2
最大施法修正：+2

Chain Helm
链盔

Physical Resistance: 4
Chromatic Resistance: 2
Max Dodge Modifier: +1
Max Cast Modifier: +1
物理抗性：4
法术抗性：2
最大闪避修正：+1
最大施法修正：+1

Plate Helm
板盔

Physical Resistance: 5
Chromatic Resistance: 2
Max Dodge Modifier: 0
Max Cast Modifier: 0
物理抗性：5
法术抗性：2
最大闪避修正：0
最大施法修正：0

Hats & Cowls
帽子或风帽

Physical Resistance: 0
Chromatic Resistance: 1
Max Dodge Modifier: +4
Max Cast Modifier: +5
物理抗性：0
法术抗性：1
最大闪避修正：+4
最大施法修正：+5

Fine Helmets
精美头盔

Fine quality helmets increase max dodge modifier by 1.
精美质量的头盔增加最大闪避修正一点。

Accessories
附件

There are four kind of armour accessories, boots, gloves, vambraces and spaulders. Each one of those has a special rule of its own but they do not provide resistances like armour and helmets do unless they are enchanted.
有四种护甲附件：靴子，手套，护腕，护肩。每种都有一个特别的规则，但它们不像护甲和头盔那样提供抗性除非它们被附魔。

Boots
靴子

Boots force the system to attempt a sidestep if a knockback would push you into a chasm or trap.
靴子在击退导致把你退入峡谷或陷阱时强制系统变成一次侧移。

Gloves
手套

Gloves cause your disarmed weapon to be placed in your inventory instead of the ground.
手套让你在武器被缴械时，掉到你的装备栏中而不是地上。

Vambraces
护腕

Vambraces force the system to re-roll the disarm check if you are disarmed by a critical hit.
护腕强制在你被致命一击而缴械时重置缴械检定。

Spaulders
护肩

Spaulders increase your base chance to resist a critical hit disarm effect by 40%.
护肩提升你抵抗致命一击造成的缴械效果的基础概率 40% 。

Fine Accessories
精美附件

Fine quality accessories have no additional benefits.
精美质量的附件没有额外的收益。

Set Bonuses
套装奖励

Each armour set has a set bonus that is activated when enough items belonging to the set are equipped. Some item sets may have multiple set bonuses but the ones listed here are the common ones that require all 6 items.
每种护甲套装有一个套装奖励，只有在装备足够数量的属于套装的物品时才生效。有些套装有多个套装奖励，不过这里列出的是最常见的收集 6 个物品的套装。

Padded Armour set
棉甲套装

Re-roll failed snare checks.
重掷陷阱检定。

Leather Armour set 
皮甲套装

Re-roll failed sneak checks.
重掷潜行检定。

Studded Armour set
札甲套装

Re-roll failed persuasion checks.
重掷说服检定。

Plate Armour set
板甲套装

Re-roll failed intimidation checks.
重掷恐吓检定。

Chain Armour set 
链甲套装

Grants immunity to disarm.
获得缴械免疫。

Arcane Armour set 
奥术套装

Reduce Arcane cooldown by 50%.
减少奥术冷却 50% 。

(Spell School) Armour set 
（法术类别）套装
Re-roll clearcast (Spell School).
重掷沉静施法（法术类别）。

Weapons
武器

Weapons come in three different sizes, small, medium and large. Small weapons are always wielded using one hand, medium weapons may be wielded using one or two hands, and large weapons are always wielded using two hands.
武器有三种不同的大小：小型，中型，大型。小型武器永远单手把持，中型武器可以单手也可以双手把持，大型武器永远双手把持。
 
When a weapon attack critically fails or a weapon succesfully parries an attack, is parried or blocked, the weapon has to take a durability check to see if it can shrug off the damage or be damaged (or broken if it was already damaged). Weapon durability check uses the following formula:
当武器攻击时致命失败，或是武器成功的招架了攻击，或是被招架格挡，武器都要进行一次耐久检定来决定是否会损坏（如果已经损坏则会损毁）。武器的耐久检定使用以下公式：
 
2D6 > 3 + Critical Failure Modifier
2D6 > 3 + 致命失败修正

Weapon Special Rules
武器特殊规则

Special rules with a chance component use a D6 to determine whether the effect takes place or not. If a rule says that an effect takes place on a roll of 5+, it takes place on a D6 roll of a 5 or 6.
带几率的特殊规则使用一个 D6 来决定效果是否发生。如果规则写的是投出 5+ 产生效果，那么在 D6 投出 5 或 6 时就发生。

Conduit
导器

Allows the wielder to re-roll failed spell to-hit checks.
允许使用者重掷失败的法术命中骰。

Crushing
粉碎

Halves target creature's physical resistance on a roll of 5+.
在投出 5+ 时减半目标生物的物理抗性。

Durable
耐用

Allows the weapon to re-roll failed durability checks.
允许武器重掷耐久检定。

Flailing
连打

Ignores target creature's block or parry modifier on a roll of 5+.
在投出 5+ 时忽略目标生物的格挡或招架修正。

Piercing
穿刺

Ignores target creature's physical resistance on a roll of 6+
在投出 6+ 时忽略目标生物的物理抗性。

Polearm
长柄

Allows the wielder to perform melee attacks against creatures within two spaces instead of creatures within one space.
允许使用者对两格而不是一格内的生物发起物理攻击。

Slashing
劈砍

Doubles weapon's base damage on a roll of 5+ against creatures that have lower physical resistance value than the attacker's damage modifier divided by 2.
在投出 5+ 时，对物理抗性小于攻击者伤害修正除 2 的生物加倍武器的基础伤害。

Slow
迟缓

Slow weapons must be rearmed before they can be used again. This can be done by resting while having a slow weapon equipped.
迟缓武器必须在再次使用前整备。这可以在装备迟缓武器时，通过休息来完成。

Imbued Spell
法术灌注

Teaches a spell to its wielder. The spell is forgotten once the weapon is unequipped (assuming that the spell is not otherwise known by the wielder in which case this rule has no effect).
教会使用者一个法术。当武器没装备时，这个法术会被忘记（如果法术被装备者从其它途径学会，这条规则无效）。

Melee Weapons
近战武器

Melee weapons are weapons that can be used in close combat. All melee weapons can be thrown but they count as rocks unless they are specified as thrown. Melee weapons use strength modifier for to-hit and damage. Small weapons and medium weapons that are used two-handedly can use agility modifier instead of strength modifier for to-hit and damage, depending which is better.
近战武器用于近距离战斗。所有的近战武器都可以仍出去，但只能视为岩石，除非它特别标注为投掷类。近战武器使用力量修正判定命中和伤害。小型武器以及中型武器双手使用时，可以使用敏捷修正而不是力量修正判定命中和伤害，这要看哪个修正更好。

Dagger
匕首

Damage: D3+1
Type: Small/Melee
Special Rules: Piercing
Max Parry Modifier: +2
伤害：D3+1
类型：小型/近战
特殊规则：穿刺
最大招架修正：+2

Talon
利爪

Damage: D3+1
Type: Small/Melee
Special Rules: Piercing
Max Parry Modifier: +3
伤害：D3+1
类型：小型/近战
特殊规则：穿刺
最大招架修正：+3

Sword
剑

Damage: D6
Type: Medium/Melee
Special Rules: Slashing
Max Parry Modifier: +2
伤害：D6
类型：中型/近战
特殊规则：劈砍
最大招架修正：+2

Claw
长爪

Damage: D6
Type: Small/Medium/Melee
Special Rules: Piercing
Max Parry Modifier: +3
伤害：D6
类型：小型/中型/近战
特殊规则：穿刺
最大招架修正：+3

Hatchet
小斧

Damage: D3+1
Type: Small/Melee/Thrown
Special Rules: Crushing
Max Parry Modifier: +1
伤害：D3+1
类型：小型/近战/投掷
特殊规则：粉碎
最大招架修正：+1

Axe
斧

Damage: D6
Type: Medium/Melee
Special Rules: Crushing
Max Parry Modifier: +1
伤害：D6
类型：中型/近战
特殊规则：粉碎
最大招架修正：+1

Club
棒

Damage: D3
Type: Medium/Melee
Special Rules: Crushing
Max Parry Modifier: +1
伤害：D3
类型：中型/近战
特殊规则：粉碎
最大招架修正：+1

Mace
钉锤

Damage: D6
Type: Medium/Melee
Special Rules:
Crushing
Durable
伤害：D6
类型：中型/近战
特殊规则：
粉碎
耐用

Hammer
锤

Damage: D6+1
Type: Medium/Melee
Special Rules:
Crushing
Durable
伤害：D6+1
类型：中型/近战
特殊规则：
粉碎
耐用

Flail
连枷

Damage: D6
Type: Medium/Melee
Special Rules:
Crushing
Flailing
伤害：D6
类型：中型/近战
特殊规则：
粉碎
连打

Staff
杖

Damage: D6
Type: Large/Melee
Special Rules:
Conduit
Polearm
伤害：D6
类型：大型/近战
特殊规则：
导器
长柄

Wizard Staff
法杖

Damage: D6
Type: Medium/Melee
Special Rules:
Conduit
Polearm
Imbued Spell
伤害：D6
类型：中型/近战
特殊规则：
导器
长柄
法术灌注

Spear
长枪

Damage: D6+1
Type: Large/Melee/Thrown
Special Rules:
Piercing
Polearm
伤害：D6+1
类型：大型/近战/投掷
特殊规则：
穿刺
长柄

Mangler
大剑

Damage: D6+D3
Type: Large/Melee
Special Rules:
Slashing
Durable
伤害：D6+D3
类型：大型/近战
特殊规则
劈砍
耐用

Chopper
巨斧

Damage: D6+D3
Type: Large/Melee
Special Rules:
Crushing
Durable
伤害：D6+D3
类型：大型/近战
特殊规则：
粉碎
耐用

Crusher
大锤

Damage: D6+D3
Type: Large/Melee
Special Rules:
Crushing
Durable
伤害：D6+D3
类型：大型/近战
特殊规则：
粉碎
耐用

Digger
镐

Damage: D6+D3
Type: Large/Melee
Special Rules:
Piercing
Durable
伤害：D6+D3
类型：大型/近战
特殊规则：
穿刺
耐用

Ranged Weapons
远程武器

Ranged weapons can be used to shoot at range. Ranged weapons require arrows or bolts in order to work. Projectile damage is added to the damage of the weapon. Ranged weapons use agility modifier for to-hit and damage.
远程武器用于远距离射击。远程武器需要箭才能工作。弹药的伤害追加在武器伤害之上。远程武器通常使用敏捷修正判定命中和伤害。

Branch
树枝

Damage: D2
Type: Medium/Ranged
伤害：D2
类型：中型/远程

Bow
弓

Damage: D3
Type: Medium/Ranged
伤害：D3
类型：中型/远程

Recurve
反曲弓

Damage: D3+1
Type: Medium/Ranged
伤害：D3+1
类型：中型/远程

Crossbow
十字弓

Damage: 2D3
Type: Large/Ranged
Special Rules: Slow
伤害：2D3
类型：大型/远程
特殊规则：迟缓

Repeater
连弩

Damage: 2D3
Type: Large/Ranged
伤害：2D3
类型：大型/远程

Projectiles
弹药

Stick
树棍

Damage: 1
Stack Size: 12
伤害：1
堆大小：12

Arrow
羽箭

Damage: D3
Stack Size: 12
Special Rules: Piercing
伤害：D3
堆大小：12
特殊规则：穿刺

Arrow
羽箭

Damage: D3+1
Stack Size: 12
Special Rules: Piercing
伤害：D3+1
堆大小：12
特殊规则：穿刺

Bolt
箭头

Damage: D3
Stack Size: 12
Special Rules: Piercing
伤害：D3
堆大小：12
特殊规则：穿刺

Bolt
箭头

Damage: D3+1
Stack Size: 12
Special Rules: Piercing
伤害：D3+1
堆大小：12
特殊规则：穿刺

Thrown Weapons
投掷武器

Thrown weapons are weapons that can only be used by throwing them. Thrown weapons are not equipped like other weapons and instead of equipping them, they are thrown directly from the backpack. Unless specified otherwise, thrown weapons use agility modifier for to-hit and strength modifier for damage.
投掷武器只能通过投掷它们来使用。投掷武器不需要像别的武器那样装备，它们直接从背包仍出去。除非特殊指明，投掷武器使用敏捷修正判定命中，对伤害使用力量修正。

Rock
岩石

Damage: 1
Type: Thrown
伤害：1
类型：投掷

Throwing Star
手里剑

Damage: D3
Type: Thrown
伤害：D3
类型：投掷

Throwing Knife
飞刀

Damage: D3
Type: Thrown
伤害：D3
类型：投掷

Fine Weapons
精美武器

Fine quality weapons are more durable, more balanced to allow parrying and lighter to make them easier to handle.
精美质量的武器更耐用，更容易用来招架，更轻便容易掌握。

Shields
盾牌

Shields may be used to block one attack of any kind once per turn if the wielder is capable of blocking an attack. Shields do not block the attack automatically but they do provide a penalty modifier that affects the attacker's to-hit roll which may result in the attack being missed. This 'block modifier' equals to the strength bonus modifier of the wielder and it normally ranges from +1 to +5. 
当使用者可以格挡攻击时，盾牌每个回合可以用来格挡一次任意攻击。盾牌不会自动格挡攻击，但它们提供了一个惩罚修正，这会影响攻击者的命中骰，这可能导致攻击失误。这个“格挡修正”等于使用者的力量修正，通常范围从 +1 到 +5 。
 
Some shields only provide a certain level of protection and no matter how strong the wielder is, the block modifier may be capped to a lower level than the wielder's block modifier is. Note, however, that all shields grant the wielder a minimum block modifier regardless of the strength of the wielder.
一些盾牌只能提供一定级别的保护，而无视使用者有多么强壮，格挡修正可能把使用者的格挡修正截断到一个更低的值。注意：不过所有盾牌都会给使用者一个最小格挡值而无视使用者的力量。
 
Wielding a shield severely hinders spell casting and a spell caster wielding a shield must re-roll successful spell to-hit rolls.
使用盾牌会严重阻碍法术释放，施法者在使用盾牌时必须重置已经成功的施法命中骰。

When a shield succesfully blocks an attack or an attack made with a shield critically fails, the shield itself can be damaged and has to take a durability check to see if it can shrug off the damage or be damaged (or broken if it was already damaged). Shield durability check uses the following formula:
当盾牌成功格挡一次攻击，或用盾牌造成攻击严重失败时，盾牌有可能损坏，它需要通过一次耐久检定来决定是否损坏（如果已经损坏则会损毁）。盾牌的耐久检定使用以下公式：
 
2D6 > 2 + Critical Failure Modifier
2D6 > 2 + 致命失败修正

Fine Shields
精美盾牌

Fine quality shields increase shield bash damage by 1.
精美质量的盾牌提升盾击伤害一点。

Buckler
小盾

Min Block Modifier: +1
Max Block Modifier: +2
Shield Bash Damage: D3
最小格挡修正：+1
最大格挡修正：+2
盾击伤害：D3

Target
圆盾

Min Block Modifier: +1
Max Block Modifier: +3
Shield Bash Damage: D3
最小格挡修正：+1
最大格挡修正：+3
盾击伤害：D3

Shield
大盾

Min Block Modifier: +2
Max Block Modifier: +4
Shield Bash Damage: D6
最小格挡修正：+2
最大格挡修正：+4
盾击伤害：D6

Barrier
巨盾

Min Block Modifier: +2
Max Block Modifier: +5
Shield Bash Damage: D6
最小格挡修正：+2
最大格挡修正：+5
盾击伤害：D6

Crafting
制造

Crafting becomes available after completing an account bound one time quest to save Artificer Leo Noerde.
制造会在一个账号完成一次拯救工匠鲁班的任务后开放。
 
As it turns out, Leo has lost almost all of his schematics detailing how to craft superior quality items and it is up to the player to locate them. Once the player locates a schematic and brings it back to Leo, the item contained in the schematic can then be crafted in the current game and in any subsequent games.
事实上，鲁班丢失了它的所有用于制造优秀质量物品的图纸，这些需要玩家找回来。一旦玩家找到一张图纸，将其带回给鲁班，这张图纸上记载的物品就在当前以及之后的每局游戏中都可以制造。
 
There are five different crafting materials and they are called Tithril, Bearskin, Flexweave, Hardwood and Scrap. There are also some items, such as Soul Gems, that are not just crafting materials and they may have some other uses as well.
有五种不同的制造材料，他们是钛石，熊皮，蛛丝，硬木，和碎片。还有一些物品，比如魂晶，不只是用于制造材料，还能有别的用途。
 
Note that there might be other sources for finding crafting materials and these are just the most common and easiest ways to find them.
注意，可能有别的来源找到这些制造材料，下面列出的只是最常规找到它们的途径。

Crafting Materials
制造材料

Tithril Ore
钛石矿

Tithril ore can be found when the player digs through a wall or boulder using a digger. If the digging roll is a critical success, tithril ore will be placed on the ground.
钛石矿可以在玩家使用镐挖掘墙壁或巨石时获得。如果挖掘骰致命成功，钛石矿就会出现在地上。

Bearskin
熊皮

Bearskin can be found on all bears. All you have to do is to kill one before it kills you and you're good to go.
熊皮可以在所有熊的身上找到。你要做的所有事情就是在熊杀死你之前杀掉它，祝你好运。

Flexweave
蛛丝

Flexweave can be found on all spiders that are big enough to eat you. They are even kind enough to supply you with a spindle for the thread.
蛛丝可以在所有的大到可以吃掉你的蜘蛛身上找到。它们甚至好心地为你提供了一个纺锤丝。

Hardwood
硬木

Hardwood can be found on any breakable wooden item whether it is a door, chest, sign or whatever. If the roll to break is a critical success, hardwood will be placed on the ground.
硬木可以在任何破坏的木制物品上找到，比如门，箱子，指示牌或别的什么。如果破坏检定致命成功，硬木就会在地上出现。

Scrap
碎片

Scrap can be found when the player destroys a weapon, armour or shield by throwing it to a wall. If the roll to hit is a critical success the player receives a scrap in the inventory.
碎片可以在玩家把武器，护甲，盾牌扔向墙壁摧毁它们时找到。如果命中致命成功，玩家就会在装备栏中得到一块碎片。

Soul Gem
魂晶

Soul gems can be found on dead spellcasters that use certain spells but there are ways to make them if you don't mind taking them by force.
魂晶可以在死去的使用特定法术的施法者身上找到，但如果你不介意使用武力的话，也有制造它们的方法。
